de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_swipe = 0x7f15000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_playback = 0x7f15000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_import_export = 0x7f15000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_autodownload = 0x7f150009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences = 0x7f150006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/locale_config = 0x7f150003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/feed_settings = 0x7f150002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/View = 0x7f1400aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/VectorTextView = 0x7f1400a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Transition = 0x7f1400a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Transform = 0x7f1400a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f1400a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f1400a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f14009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SwitchPreferenceCompat = 0x7f14009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f14009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f140099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f140097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/State = 0x7f140096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f140092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f14008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f14008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f14008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f140088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f140086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f140085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f140084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PreferenceTheme = 0x7f140082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PreferenceGroup = 0x7f140080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PreferenceFragmentCompat = 0x7f14007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PreferenceFragment = 0x7f14007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Preference = 0x7f14007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f14007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PlayerControlView = 0x7f140079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PlaybackSpeedIndicatorView = 0x7f140078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f140074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f140072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f140071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MultiSelectListPreference = 0x7f140070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f14006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f14006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Motion = 0x7f14006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f140069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f140068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f140065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f140063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f140060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f14005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f14005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f14005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f14005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f140058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f140057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f140055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ListPreference = 0x7f140054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f140053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f140050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Layout = 0x7f14004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f14004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f14004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f14004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f140048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f140047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f140046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Insets = 0x7f140045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f140041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f14003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f14003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f14003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f140038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f140037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f140036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/EditTextPreference = 0x7f140035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f140033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/DialogPreference = 0x7f140032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/DefaultTimeBar = 0x7f140031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f14002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f14002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f14002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f140026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f140025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f140023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CircularProgressBar = 0x7f140022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f140021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Chip = 0x7f140020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f14001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CheckBoxPreference = 0x7f14001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Capability = 0x7f14001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f14001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f140019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f140018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f140016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/BackgroundStyle = 0x7f140014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AspectRatioFrameLayout = 0x7f140013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f140011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f140010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f14000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f14000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f14000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f14000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f140008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f140007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f140005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f140001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f140000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1304dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1304d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1304d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1304d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1304d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f1304d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1304ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1304cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1304cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1304ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1304c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1304c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1304c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1304c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1304c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1304c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f1304c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f1304be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f1304bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1304bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1304bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1304ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1304b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1304b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1304b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1304b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1304b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f1304b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f1304b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1304b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f1304af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1304ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1304ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1304aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1304a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1304a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1304a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f13049f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f13049e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f13049d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f13049c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f13049a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f130498
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130497
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f130496
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f130493
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f130491
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f13048f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f13048d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f13048b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f13048a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f130489
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f130487
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f130486
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f130481
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f13047f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f13047e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f13047c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f13047b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f13047a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f130479
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f130478
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f130477
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f130476
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f130475
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f130473
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f130472
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f130471
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f13046f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f13046d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13046c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f13046b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13046a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f130468
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f130465
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f130464
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f130463
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f130462
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f130460
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f13045e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f13045d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13045c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13045b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13045a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130459
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f130458
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f130457
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130456
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f130451
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f13044e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f13044c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f130448
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f130447
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal.Detached = 0x7f130446
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Detached = 0x7f130444
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f130443
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f130442
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f130440
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f13043e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f13043d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f13043c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f13043b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f130439
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f130437
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.Badge = 0x7f130436
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f130433
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130431
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f13042b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f130428
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f130427
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f130426
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f130422
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f130421
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f130420
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f13041d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f13041c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f13041b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f13041a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f130419
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f130418
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f130415
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f130413
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130412
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f130410
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f13040f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f13040d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f13040c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f13040b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f13040a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f14004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f130408
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f130407
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f130404
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f130403
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f130402
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f130401
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f130400
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f1303fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f1303fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f1303fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f1303f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1303f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1303f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1303f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Medium = 0x7f1303ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1303ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f1303ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1303eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1303ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f1303e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f1303e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f1303e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f1303e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1303e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1303de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f1303dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f1303dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f1303db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f1303d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f1303d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1303d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1303d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1303d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1303d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f1303cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f1303cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1303ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1303c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1303c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1303bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1303bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1303b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1303b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1303b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1303ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1303ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1303a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1303c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1303a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1303a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1303a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1303a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f13039e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f13039d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f130399
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f130397
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1303d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f130396
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f130395
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f130394
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f130393
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f130392
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f1303df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f13038f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f13038e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f13038c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f130445
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f13038a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f130385
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f130382
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f130381
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f130380
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f13037c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f13037b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f130379
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f130376
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f130374
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f130373
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f130372
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f130371
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f13036e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f13036d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f13036a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f130369
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f130368
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f130367
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f130365
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f130364
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f130361
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f130360
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AntennaPod.ActionBar = 0x7f13035f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f13035e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f13035d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13035b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f13035a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130358
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1303ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130356
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130354
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f130353
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130352
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f130351
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f13034d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f13034c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f13034b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f13034a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f130349
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130347
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130345
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f130343
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130342
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f130341
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13033f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13033d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f13033c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f13033b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f13033a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f130336
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f130335
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130334
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130333
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f130331
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f13032f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f13032d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f13032c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f13032a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f130329
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f130327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f130326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f130320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f13031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f13031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f13031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f13031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f13031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f130318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f130317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f130316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f130314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f130313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f13030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f13030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f13030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f130307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f130305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f130303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f130300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f1302ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1302fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1302fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f1302f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f1302f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1302f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f1302f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1302f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1302ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1302ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1302ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.SplashScreen.IconBackground = 0x7f1302ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.SplashScreen.Common = 0x7f1302eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.SplashScreen = 0x7f1302ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1302df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1304a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1302dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1302dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1302da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f130430
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1304dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1302d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1302d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1302cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1302ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1302cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1302c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1302c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1302c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1302c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f1302c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f1302bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f1302be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1302bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1302bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1302ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1302b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f1302b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f1302af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f1302ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1302a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f1302a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1302a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f13029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f13029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f13029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f130299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f13028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f130287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f130283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f130282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f130281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f13027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.VideoPlayer = 0x7f13027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.TrueBlack.Translucent = 0x7f13027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.TrueBlack.NoTitle = 0x7f13027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Toolbar = 0x7f13027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Splash = 0x7f130278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Light.Translucent = 0x7f130277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Light = 0x7f130275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.TrueBlack = 0x7f130272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Light.Translucent = 0x7f130271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Light.NoTitle = 0x7f130270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Dark.NoTitle = 0x7f13026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Dark = 0x7f13026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dark.NoTitle = 0x7f13026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dark = 0x7f130269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f130267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f130266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f130263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f130260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f13025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f13025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f13025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f13025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f130258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f130256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f130254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f130253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f130480
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f130252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f130251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f13024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f13024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f13024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f13024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f13024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f13024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f130249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f130247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f130246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f130245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f130242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f130241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f130384
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f130240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f13023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f13023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f13023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f130238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f130237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f130234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f130233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f130231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f130230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f13022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f13022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f13022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f13022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f13022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f13022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f130229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f130227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f130226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f130225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title.Media = 0x7f130224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time.Media = 0x7f130222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f130221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Media = 0x7f130220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2.Media = 0x7f13021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info.Media = 0x7f13021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f13021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f130218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f130217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f130212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f130211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f13020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f13020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f13020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f13020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f13020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f130207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1302f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f130205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f130204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f130203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f130202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f130201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f130200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f1301fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f1301fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1301fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1301f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f1301f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f1301f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f1303c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f1301f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f1301ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1301ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f1301ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f1301eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Style.AntennaPod.Toolbar = 0x7f1301ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1301e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f1301e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1301e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1301e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1301e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f1301e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f1301df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1301dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f1301db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f1301da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1301d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f1301d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1301d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f1301d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SeekBarPreference = 0x7f14008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f1301d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1301d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1301d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1301d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f1301cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1301ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f1301cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f1301ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f1301c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f1301c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f1301c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f1301c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f1301c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f1301be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f1301bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/shortcuts = 0x7f150012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f1301ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Sheet.Side.Docked.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1302e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f1301b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f1301b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f1301b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.DatePicker.Modal.Date.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Large.Shape = 0x7f1301ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1301ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1301aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f1301a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f1301a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f1301a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f130239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f1301a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f1301a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f1301a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f13019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f13019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f13019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay = 0x7f130196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceFragmentList.Material = 0x7f130194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceFragmentList = 0x7f130193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceFragment = 0x7f130191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceCategoryTitleTextStyle = 0x7f130190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SwitchPreferenceCompat.Material = 0x7f13018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SwitchPreferenceCompat = 0x7f13018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SwitchPreference.Material = 0x7f13018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SwitchPreference = 0x7f13018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SeekBarPreference.Material = 0x7f13018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.SeekBarPreference = 0x7f13018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.PreferenceScreen.Material = 0x7f130189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.Information.Material = 0x7f130186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DropDown = 0x7f130183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DialogPreference.EditTextPreference.Material = 0x7f130181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.CheckBoxPreference.Material = 0x7f13017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.CheckBoxPreference = 0x7f13017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.Category = 0x7f13017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference = 0x7f13017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f130179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f13016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f13016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f130167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f140087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f130165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f130163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f130162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f130160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f13015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f13015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f13015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f13015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f130159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f13043f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f130158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f130319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f130157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/FastScrollRecyclerView = 0x7f130156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.TimeText.Separator = 0x7f130155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.TimeText.Position = 0x7f130154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Light = 0x7f13026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.TimeText.Duration = 0x7f130153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/GridLayout_Layout = 0x7f140043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.TimeText = 0x7f130152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center.RewWithAmount = 0x7f130150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center.PlayPause = 0x7f13014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center.FfwdWithAmount = 0x7f13014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center = 0x7f13014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.VR = 0x7f13014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.Shuffle = 0x7f130149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.Settings = 0x7f130148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.RepeatToggle = 0x7f130147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.OverflowShow = 0x7f130145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.FullScreen = 0x7f130143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.CC = 0x7f130142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom = 0x7f130140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1302e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button = 0x7f13013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.VR = 0x7f13013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.Rewind = 0x7f13013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.Previous = 0x7f13013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.Play = 0x7f13013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.Pause = 0x7f130139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.Next = 0x7f130138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton.FastForward = 0x7f130137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoMediaButton = 0x7f130136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f130134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.v27.Theme.SplashScreen = 0x7f130131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.v21.Theme.SplashScreen.Light = 0x7f130130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f13012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f13012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f130129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f130128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f130127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f130126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f130125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f130123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f130122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f13011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f13011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f13011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f13011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f130118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f130117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f130116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f130114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f130112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f130110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f13010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f13010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f130108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f130105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f130104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f130103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f130100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1300fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1300fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1300fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f1304d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f13047d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1300fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1300f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1300f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1300f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1300f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1300f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1300f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1300ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1300ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1300eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1300ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1300e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1300e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1300e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1300e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1300e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1300de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1300dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1300dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1300da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1300d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1300d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1300d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1300d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f130250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1300cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1300e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1300c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1300c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1300c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1300c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1300bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1300bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1304c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1300b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f13038d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1300af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1300ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1300ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1300ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1300aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1300a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1300a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f130168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1300a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1300a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1300a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1300a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130330
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f13009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f14006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f13009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f130099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f130092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f130091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f13008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f13008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f13008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f130089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.SplashScreen.Light = 0x7f130087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.SplashScreen.DayNight = 0x7f130086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f130304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.SplashScreen = 0x7f130085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f140089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f13007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f13007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f13007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f130074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f130073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f130071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f13006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f13006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/provider_paths = 0x7f150011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f14006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f130066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f13005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f130059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f130058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f130055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f130053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f130052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f130050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f13004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f13004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f13004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f13004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f130048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f130042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f130040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f13003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f13003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f130039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f130038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f130037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f130036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f130033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f13002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f13002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f13002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f13002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f130026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f130025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f130024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f13016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f130021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f13001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f13001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f13001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f13001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f13001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Balloon_Overshoot_Anim = 0x7f130017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Balloon_Normal_Dispose_Anim = 0x7f130016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Balloon_Normal_Anim = 0x7f130015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f130461
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AppPreferenceThemeOverlay = 0x7f130011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AntennaPod.TextView.ListItemPrimaryTitle = 0x7f13000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AntennaPod.TextView.ListItemBody = 0x7f13000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AntennaPod.TextView.Heading = 0x7f13000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Right = 0x7f13000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Left = 0x7f130009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f130008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f130257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f130004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f130001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/yes = 0x7f1203cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/widget_settings = 0x7f1203cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/widget_opacity = 0x7f1203cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/widget_create_button = 0x7f1203cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/visit_website_label = 0x7f1203c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/visit_user_forum = 0x7f1203c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/noMediaLabel = 0x7f0a0261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_auto_download_never = 0x7f12014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/url_label = 0x7f1203c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1304b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_year_listitem = 0x7f0d00f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f1201f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/set_sleeptimer_item = 0x7f0a0322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/updates_disabled_label = 0x7f1203c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1303d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/undo = 0x7f1203bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant96 = 0x7f0600e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f0602ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/unable_to_start_system_file_manager = 0x7f1203be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f130115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f06021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/type_to_search = 0x7f1203bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/timer_vibration_label = 0x7f1203b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/statistics = 0x7f0f0019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_sync_summary = 0x7f1203b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_sum = 0x7f1203ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f130262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cleanup_never = 0x7f1200f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_pref = 0x7f1203aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_login_butLabel = 0x7f1203a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_sync_changes_title = 0x7f1203af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0404c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_host_explanation = 0x7f1203a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_upload_played = 0x7f12039e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f13037f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_subscriptions = 0x7f12039c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/swipeactions_summary = 0x7f120397
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/support_podcast = 0x7f120391
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscriptions_list_label = 0x7f12038d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscriptions_counter_greater_zero = 0x7f12038b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscribe_label = 0x7f120388
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/stream_label = 0x7f120387
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f040089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/status_downloading_label = 0x7f120386
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/haloColor = 0x7f040229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_years_barchart_description = 0x7f120384
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/allowDividerAbove = 0x7f040030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_speed_not_counted = 0x7f120380
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_release_next = 0x7f12037c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_episodes_started = 0x7f120373
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_episodes_played = 0x7f120371
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_counting_total = 0x7f12036f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0403af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_counting_range = 0x7f12036e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f060152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_bottom_bar_background = 0x7f060069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_skip_keeps_episodes_sum = 0x7f1202e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/speed_presets = 0x7f12036c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sort = 0x7f120369
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/marked_as_played_label = 0x7f1201cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/smart_shuffle = 0x7f120368
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f0a0016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sleep_timer_enabled_label = 0x7f120366
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_from_queue_item = 0x7f0a02d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/startToEnd = 0x7f0a0357
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/skip_episode_label = 0x7f120364
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DialogPreference.Material = 0x7f130182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f06017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/time_seconds_quantified = 0x7f110016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_type = 0x7f0e0025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f120362
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/show_transcript = 0x7f12035d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/show_info_label = 0x7f12035c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_wrong_size = 0x7f1200ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shortcut_select_subscription = 0x7f120359
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/excludeRadio = 0x7f0a015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_playback_position_dialog_label = 0x7f120356
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_dialog_for_social = 0x7f120351
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f13003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_logout = 0x7f1203a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_dialog_episode_website_label = 0x7f120350
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/settings_label = 0x7f12034e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/section_shown = 0x7f120348
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_clear = 0x7f12033f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f12033e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f0702e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/episodes_apply_action_speeddial = 0x7f0f0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_status_no_results = 0x7f12033d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_podcast_hint = 0x7f12033a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f0a022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f120338
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rewind_label = 0x7f120334
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/reset = 0x7f120331
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rename_tag_label = 0x7f120330
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/removed_all_inbox_msg = 0x7f12032c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_inbox_label = 0x7f12032b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_history_label = 0x7f12032a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_from_queue_label = 0x7f120329
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_feed_label = 0x7f120327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_all_inbox_confirmation_msg = 0x7f120325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f040485
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_weekly = 0x7f120322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130453
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_wednesday = 0x7f120320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_tuesday = 0x7f12031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_thursday = 0x7f12031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_monday = 0x7f12031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_reset_data = 0x7f12037e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f07006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/refresh_label = 0x7f120316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/refresh_failed_msg = 0x7f120315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f040018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/reconnect_local_folder_warning = 0x7f120314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/reassign_hardware_buttons = 0x7f120312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_volunteers_label = 0x7f120311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_contribute_label = 0x7f12030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f040080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/queued_label = 0x7f12030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom = 0x7f0d00b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f07022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_test_successful = 0x7f120304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_downloading = 0x7f120125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_test_label = 0x7f120303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_host_invalid_error = 0x7f120300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0a01bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/provider_authority = 0x7f1202fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f0a034d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proceed_to_login_butLabel = 0x7f1202fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/privacy_policy = 0x7f1202fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_inbox_head_label = 0x7f120239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preference_search_no_results = 0x7f1202f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_notifications = 0x7f15000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130348
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_reader_error = 0x7f12026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_unpauseOnHeadsetReconnect_sum = 0x7f1202f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_unpauseOnBluetoothReconnect_sum = 0x7f1202ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_tinted_theme_title = 0x7f1202ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f04043c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f0600a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_theme_title_light = 0x7f1202ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f07000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_smart_mark_as_played_sum = 0x7f1202e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_smart_mark_as_played_disabled = 0x7f1202e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_skip_silence_title = 0x7f1202e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_skip_keeps_episodes_title = 0x7f1202e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_episodes_total = 0x7f120374
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1302f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_show_remain_time_summary = 0x7f1202de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/button_action_fast_forward = 0x7f120046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_playback_time_respects_speed_sum = 0x7f1202d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cover = 0x7f0a00eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_playback_speed_sum = 0x7f1202d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_persistNotify_title = 0x7f1202d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_pausePlaybackForFocusLoss_sum = 0x7f1202d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_no_browser_found = 0x7f1202d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_new_episodes_action_title = 0x7f1202cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_items_sum = 0x7f1202cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_feed_counter_title = 0x7f1202c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/progress_bar_horizontal_dark = 0x7f0801c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_streaming = 0x7f1202c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_hardware_forward_button_summary = 0x7f1202bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_gpodnet_setlogin_information_title = 0x7f1202bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1302d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_gpodnet_setlogin_information_sum = 0x7f1202bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1304db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_full_notification_buttons_sum = 0x7f1202b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_followQueue_title = 0x7f1202b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_filter_feed_title = 0x7f1202b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f040247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip_ending_toast = 0x7f1202b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/accent_light = 0x7f06001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip_ending = 0x7f1202b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip = 0x7f1202af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_playback_speed_sum = 0x7f1202ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_favorite_keeps_episodes_sum = 0x7f1202ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_fast_forward_sum = 0x7f1202aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f06009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_expandNotify_title = 0x7f1202a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cover_title = 0x7f1202a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/animate_relativeTo = 0x7f040039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cleanup_summary = 0x7f1202a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cache_unlimited = 0x7f1202a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1303d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cache_title = 0x7f1202a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay.v14 = 0x7f130197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_enqueue_location_title = 0x7f12029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_delete_removes_from_queue_title = 0x7f12029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_delete_removes_from_queue_sum = 0x7f12029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_default_page_sum = 0x7f120299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/TOP_START = 0x7f0a000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_contribute = 0x7f120297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_back_button_opens_drawer_summary = 0x7f120293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f040493
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_default_page = 0x7f120298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_automatic_download_title = 0x7f120291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f07020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_local_delete_title = 0x7f12028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_local_delete_sum = 0x7f12028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f130106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_local_delete_dialog_body = 0x7f12028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/port_label = 0x7f120284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/please_wait = 0x7f120282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_speed = 0x7f120280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_pref_sum = 0x7f12027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_control = 0x7f12027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/play_chapter = 0x7f120278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_high = 0x7f0602b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pause_label = 0x7f120277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f120274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DialogPreference.EditTextPreference = 0x7f130180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f120273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f120272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/password_label = 0x7f120271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text_inverse = 0x7f0602ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_import_ask_read_permission = 0x7f12026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f0602b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_export_summary = 0x7f12026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f070277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/open_in_browser_label = 0x7f120265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/open_autodownload_settings = 0x7f120263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_from = 0x7f120379
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/on_demand_config_stream_text = 0x7f120262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_pref_fragment = 0x7f12025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f040504
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_group_news = 0x7f12025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/seekBarIncrement = 0x7f0403d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dateSelectionContainer = 0x7f0a00fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_playing_description = 0x7f120256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_playing = 0x7f120255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f130120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_downloading_description = 0x7f120252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f040339
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_download_error_description = 0x7f120250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_download_error = 0x7f12024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_queued_label = 0x7f12024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/thumbnail_length_navlist = 0x7f070360
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/show_feed_settings_label = 0x7f12035b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_kept_updated = 0x7f12024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f0601ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_favorite = 0x7f120249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f070125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_media_playing_label = 0x7f120242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_media = 0x7f120240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_cancel = 0x7f080132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_items_label = 0x7f12023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_items_header_label = 0x7f12023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f0701a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_history_head_label = 0x7f120237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f130322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f04028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_feed_url_podcast_found_by_search = 0x7f120236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/call_notification_answer_color = 0x7f060031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_comp_downloads_label = 0x7f120235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_legacy_player_control_view = 0x7f0d0045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_dialog_media_file_label = 0x7f120353
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_comp_downloads_head_label = 0x7f120234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cbShakeToReset = 0x7f0a00b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_all_episodes_label = 0x7f120232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/new_episode_notification_group_text = 0x7f12022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/new_episode_notification_enabled = 0x7f12022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f100000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/new_episode_notification_disabled = 0x7f12022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f130255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f120223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f070181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f120220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f12021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f12021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/path = 0x7f0a0299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/secondaryActionProgress = 0x7f0a030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f12021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0404cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f120218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SquareImageView = 0x7f140095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f120215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f120214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f120212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f120002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f120361
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f120211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f130484
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f12020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statisticsHeadingLabel = 0x7f0a035f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f12020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/noScroll = 0x7f0a0262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f12020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/fast_forward_label = 0x7f120147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f120209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f120208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f120207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f120206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f07008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f120202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f07014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f1201ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f1201fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_darktheme = 0x7f06001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keycode_media_rewind = 0x7f1201ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f1201f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse = 0x7f0602c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f1201f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_comment_addict = 0x7f1200db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f1201f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/right_icon = 0x7f0a02e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/actions = 0x7f0a004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f1201ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/masked = 0x7f0a0209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f1201ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f1201ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f1201ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f1201eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f1201ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f1201e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f1201de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f1201dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/visible = 0x7f0a0404
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f1201db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f130020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/user_interface_label = 0x7f1203c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/swipe_right = 0x7f120395
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f140073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f1201d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f1201d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_selector_handle_container_color = 0x7f0e014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textStart = 0x7f0a0397
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mark_read_no_media_label = 0x7f1201c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f1201c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f1201c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_home = 0x7f080121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f1201bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/app_action_not_found = 0x7f12002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f1201be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/summary = 0x7f0a0377
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f1201ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0404dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_exceed_max_badge_text_suffix = 0x7f1201b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/load_next_page_label = 0x7f1201b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/licenses_summary = 0x7f1201b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keep_updated_summary = 0x7f1201a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f1201a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/is_inbox_label = 0x7f1201a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/is_favorite_label = 0x7f1201a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_local_folder = 0x7f12001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f0701df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/interruptions = 0x7f1201a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/inbox_label = 0x7f12019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/in_queue_label = 0x7f12019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_biweekly = 0x7f120317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification = 0x7f080131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/import_export_search_keywords = 0x7f120199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_transcript_label = 0x7f120247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0701e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/html_export_summary = 0x7f120196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f06002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionPath = 0x7f040359
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/host_label = 0x7f120193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_welcome_title = 0x7f120192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_surprise_title = 0x7f120190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_no_recent_unplayed_episodes_text = 0x7f12018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_emoji_check = 0x7f1200cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_new_title = 0x7f12018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_large_text_vertical_offset_adjustment = 0x7f0701ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_downloads_title = 0x7f12018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f06011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_downloads_empty_text = 0x7f12018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/embed = 0x7f0a013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_continue_title = 0x7f120189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_played_episodes_label = 0x7f120186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f120181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_playback_speed = 0x7f120115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/has_media = 0x7f120180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetsync_error_descr = 0x7f12017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_device_name_default = 0x7f120175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnet_description = 0x7f120172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/global_default = 0x7f120170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feeds_label = 0x7f12016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_reduction_heavy = 0x7f120169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f130166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_remover_msg = 0x7f12015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f080194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_new_episodes_action_add_to_queue = 0x7f120159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/new_episode_notification_message = 0x7f11000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_folders_include_root = 0x7f120157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_hour = 0x7f120156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_from_favorite_label = 0x7f120328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1303b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cache_full_message = 0x7f1200f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_8_hours = 0x7f120155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_72_hours = 0x7f120154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/sort_dialog_item = 0x7f0d00ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/select_all_label = 0x7f12034b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0a0359
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_12_hours = 0x7f120150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_delete_confirmation_msg_batch = 0x7f12014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f040160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_delete_confirmation_msg = 0x7f12014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f06004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_auto_download_always = 0x7f12014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/allowDividerBelow = 0x7f040032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/favorites_export_summary = 0x7f12014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant4 = 0x7f0600db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/favorite_episodes_label = 0x7f120148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/extend_sleep_timer_label = 0x7f120143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/export_success_title = 0x7f120141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_expandNotify_sum = 0x7f1202a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/export_logs_menu_title = 0x7f120140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0d00a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_unknown = 0x7f12013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_clip = 0x7f0a03be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_selection_title_video = 0x7f120138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0a01d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f070101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_selection_auto = 0x7f120134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_role_supplementary = 0x7f120133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_role_closed_captions = 0x7f120131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_role_alternate = 0x7f120130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f060325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_bitrate = 0x7f12012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f07000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_item_list = 0x7f12012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_removing = 0x7f12012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_paused_for_wifi = 0x7f12012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f04005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/transcript_dialog = 0x7f0d0102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_paused_for_network = 0x7f120129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0403d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_paused = 0x7f120128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_notification_channel_name = 0x7f120127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_theme_title_automatic = 0x7f1202ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_history_entry = 0x7f120341
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorShown = 0x7f0401cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_description = 0x7f120124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etxtTime = 0x7f0a0159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_time_placeholder = 0x7f120121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f060149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_shuffle_on_description = 0x7f12011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_fullscreen = 0x7f0a016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_show = 0x7f12011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_seek_bar_description = 0x7f12011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f040282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_rewind_description = 0x7f12011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f04025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f120275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_previous_description = 0x7f120116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_pause_description = 0x7f120113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_next_description = 0x7f120110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_fastforward_description = 0x7f12010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_auto_deletion = 0x7f150008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/helperText = 0x7f04022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_cc_disabled_description = 0x7f120109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f060110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exclude_terms = 0x7f120108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1301e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/error_msg_prefix = 0x7f120106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f0602bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/error_file_not_found = 0x7f120103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episodes_label = 0x7f120101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_notification = 0x7f1200fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_filters_label = 0x7f1200fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_credentials_explanation = 0x7f1203a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cleanup_queue_removal = 0x7f1200f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_pref = 0x7f12027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_num_columns = 0x7f0a036c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cleanup_except_favorite_removal = 0x7f1200f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodesDownloaded = 0x7f0a0149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cleanup_after_listening = 0x7f1200f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f120003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/enqueue_location_random = 0x7f1200f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f060231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/enqueue_location_front = 0x7f1200f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/enqueue_location_back = 0x7f1200f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0a019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/edit_url_confirmation_msg = 0x7f1200ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_thanks_we_are_glad_old = 0x7f1200eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_thanks_we_are_glad_new = 0x7f1200ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_thanks_large = 0x7f1200e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_queue_title_many = 0x7f1200e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_settings_dialog_msg = 0x7f1202ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_queue_hours_clean = 0x7f1200e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_title = 0x7f1200e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_time = 0x7f1200df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_intro_your_year = 0x7f1200da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_intro_locally = 0x7f1200d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f04035c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_shuffle_button = 0x7f0403ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_login_status = 0x7f1203a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_title = 0x7f1200d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f0702a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_subtitle_clean = 0x7f1200d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_comment_clean = 0x7f1200cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f13023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f040289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_preferences = 0x7f1200c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_open = 0x7f1200c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_order_unplayed_episodes = 0x7f1200c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_counter_none = 0x7f1200c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_counter_inbox = 0x7f1200c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_counter_downloaded_unplayed = 0x7f1200c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e0110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/downloads_log_label = 0x7f1200bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/downloads_label = 0x7f1200ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1304d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_type_feed = 0x7f1200b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f06018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_pending = 0x7f1200b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_notification_title_feeds = 0x7f1200b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_unsupported_type = 0x7f1200ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_retrying = 0x7f1200a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_request_error = 0x7f1200a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f140003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml = 0x7f120267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_not_retrying = 0x7f1200a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f080129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_insufficient_space = 0x7f1200a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_home_subtitle = 0x7f1200d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_file_type_type = 0x7f12009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_connection_error = 0x7f120098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/checked = 0x7f0a00c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_canceled_msg = 0x7f120094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover_more = 0x7f120091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f1301bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0402f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover_is_hidden = 0x7f120090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f13036f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover_confirm = 0x7f12008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetsync_pref_report_failed = 0x7f12017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover = 0x7f12008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/design_time_lorem_ipsum = 0x7f120089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/description_label = 0x7f120086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/delete_local_feed_warning_body = 0x7f120085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f04016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/debug_echo = 0x7f120080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database_import_warning = 0x7f12007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database_import_summary = 0x7f12007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1302ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f04049d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database_import_label = 0x7f12007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database = 0x7f120079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_streaming_notification_title = 0x7f120071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_playback_speed = 0x7f0a017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_mono = 0x7f12012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_streaming_button_once = 0x7f12006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_streaming_button_always = 0x7f12006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f0701af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f040461
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_download_dialog_title = 0x7f12006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/nav_folder_context = 0x7f0f0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_download_dialog_message = 0x7f120069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_download_dialog_download_later = 0x7f120068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_label = 0x7f120066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/configure_home = 0x7f120064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f120062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/clear_queue_confirmation_msg = 0x7f120060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f120059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/chapters_label = 0x7f120056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_dialog = 0x7f0d0065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_incoming_text = 0x7f12004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_hang_up_action = 0x7f12004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_answer_video_action = 0x7f12004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_answer_action = 0x7f12004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_pauseOnDisconnect_sum = 0x7f1202d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_grid = 0x7f0a022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/button_action_skip_episode = 0x7f120049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_sleep = 0x7f08013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_automatic_download_sum = 0x7f120290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear_history_item = 0x7f0a00cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/button_action_rewind = 0x7f120048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/icon_frame = 0x7f0a01d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/button_action_restart_episode = 0x7f120047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bug_report_title = 0x7f120045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f120044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f120041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f06027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f120040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_rewind_sum = 0x7f1202dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_automatic_download_on_battery_title = 0x7f12028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottom_navigation_summary = 0x7f12003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/automation = 0x7f12003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/error_label = 0x7f120105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f1303c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/automatic_database_export_label = 0x7f120039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_enable_label = 0x7f120036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_enable_change_times = 0x7f120035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_downloaded = 0x7f120034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_download_settings_label = 0x7f120033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f0403be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textView = 0x7f0a0399
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_download_disabled_globally = 0x7f120031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f130005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f060148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d0086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/authentication_notification_title = 0x7f120030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/authentication_label = 0x7f12002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/left = 0x7f0a01f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/authentication_descr = 0x7f12002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_overflow_hide_description = 0x7f120111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_finish_butsyncnow = 0x7f120178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/audio_controls = 0x7f12002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f06020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/marked_read_batch_label = 0x7f11000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/cover_fragment = 0x7f0d002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f12002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/antennapod_echo_year = 0x7f120028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/antennapod_echo = 0x7f120027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_to_queue_label = 0x7f120025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f120058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f070341
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_shortcut = 0x7f120021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_preset = 0x7f120020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1303a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_feed_label = 0x7f12001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f120016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f120145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f120013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/currentState = 0x7f040167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_items_selected = 0x7f12023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f0701e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_surround = 0x7f12013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f120006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f120005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_thumb_default = 0x7f0801c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_label = 0x7f1200ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f120001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f0403e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f120000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f080046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/time_minutes_quantified = 0x7f110015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/time_days_quantified = 0x7f110013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/new_episode_notification_title = 0x7f11000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f070226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/exo_controls_fastforward_by_amount_description = 0x7f110008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_feed_order_title = 0x7f1202cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0b0042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_color = 0x7f0e016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/episode_cleanup_hours_after_listening = 0x7f110007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/episode_cleanup_days_after_listening = 0x7f110006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f1201d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:mipmap/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f100002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:mipmap/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f100001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/search = 0x7f0f0017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f06022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0700fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/queue_context = 0x7f0f0016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f13039b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/queue = 0x7f0f0015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/playback_history = 0x7f0f0014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f1201ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f08007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/online_search = 0x7f0f0012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_title = 0x7f1202c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f0701b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/nav_feed_context = 0x7f0f0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/multi_select_context_popup = 0x7f0f000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f13029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/home = 0x7f0f000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/feedlist = 0x7f0f0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/feedinfo = 0x7f0f0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f04004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f060165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_cache_full_title = 0x7f1200f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/downloads_completed = 0x7f0f0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/download_log = 0x7f0f0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/username_label = 0x7f1203c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/countries_menu = 0x7f0f0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/bug_report_options = 0x7f0f0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/optional_hint = 0x7f120270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e0174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_type = 0x7f0e016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/on_demand_config_setting_changed = 0x7f120261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPubDate = 0x7f0a03de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f060229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_container_color = 0x7f0e0167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selectContainer = 0x7f0a0314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0a02c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0e015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f1400ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1302e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0e015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f080190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f060079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f130172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_color = 0x7f0e0154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_home_header = 0x7f1200d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_type = 0x7f0e0151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e0148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f0602e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_user_action = 0x7f120259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f130409
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_full_sync_title = 0x7f1203a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1300e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_details = 0x7f12009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_expected_next_episode_any_day = 0x7f120375
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1300d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_surround_5_point_1 = 0x7f12013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e0128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e0125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e0172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f130088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e0123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/poweredByLabel = 0x7f0a02ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e0120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f130494
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ckRewind = 0x7f0a00cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f14003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f04007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/aboveLabel = 0x7f0a000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_clear_history = 0x7f120340
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_detached_container_shape = 0x7f0e0107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0e0106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f0404ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f130338
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_all_episodes_filtered_label = 0x7f120230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butSyncNow = 0x7f0a00aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f130164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f13038b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f060248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/divider = 0x7f0a011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0e00f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f04035f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f04050f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nav_layout = 0x7f0a0253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottomNavigationView = 0x7f0a0080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/log_file_share_exception = 0x7f1201b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f13003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e00e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/v7_preference_on = 0x7f1203c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e00df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130388
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/episode_cache_size_values = 0x7f030007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f14008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0a01ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_type = 0x7f0e0166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/copy_to_clipboard = 0x7f120076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0e00d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f04041b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f080090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etPassword = 0x7f0a0153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e00cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f0702f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e00b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f0701bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f1201bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e00a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_stereo = 0x7f120139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_color = 0x7f0e00a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_2_hours = 0x7f120152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbWidth = 0x7f0404b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f04035b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f06014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e00a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0e009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f040243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_test_failed = 0x7f120302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f130470
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_summary_unchoosen = 0x7f1203ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f0700bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AddPodcastTextView = 0x7f130000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0a019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_color = 0x7f0e0084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetsync_error_title = 0x7f12017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/videoplayer_activity = 0x7f0d0104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0a0122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0701ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f130170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f1201e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f140012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/import_export_summary = 0x7f12019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_new_episode_description = 0x7f120254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f040179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_shuffle_on = 0x7f0800e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/preference_fallback_accent_color = 0x7f06030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AnimationFade = 0x7f13000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e0047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f060158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/delete_label = 0x7f120084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_color = 0x7f0e0046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f07004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f06019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/splashScreenIconSize = 0x7f040418
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/extendedButtonsContainer = 0x7f0a0195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_successful = 0x7f1200b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f070091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/translators = 0x7f1203bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f04045d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f080073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e0034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_starting_position_label = 0x7f120357
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e0033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_repeat_one = 0x7f0800e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e0030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/play_this_to_seek_position = 0x7f12027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f130499
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_tinted_theme_message = 0x7f1202ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f0a0247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f0702dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f130235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f120010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_color = 0x7f0e002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/feed_refresh_interval_entries = 0x7f03000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f120222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0e0028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f080035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f040394
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f04036a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shuffle = 0x7f08015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_active_indicator_container_color = 0x7f0e0019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/removed_history_label = 0x7f12032d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/packed = 0x7f0a028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_type = 0x7f0e0171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_type = 0x7f0e0016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_images = 0x7f1202c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f120019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_color = 0x7f0e0015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f140083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/player_widget = 0x7f0d00bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_label_text_type = 0x7f0e000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_dropdown = 0x7f0d00c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0e000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f1303c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_fullscreen_enter = 0x7f0800c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0e0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_min = 0x7f070124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0e0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f06024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f13040e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/select_all_item = 0x7f0a0318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_badge_color = 0x7f0e0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Light.NoTitle = 0x7f130276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keep_updated = 0x7f1201a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/transcript_item = 0x7f0d0103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/theme_preference = 0x7f0d0100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/swipeactions_row = 0x7f0d00ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/swipeactions_picker_item = 0x7f0d00fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/subscription_selection_activity = 0x7f0d00fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pager = 0x7f0a0290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0e000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/subscription_list_item = 0x7f0d00f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/subscription_grid_item = 0x7f0d00f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/searchpreference_ic_search = 0x7f0801d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_fragment = 0x7f0d00f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_filter_dialog = 0x7f0d00f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/speed_select_dialog = 0x7f0d00f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/sort_dialog_item_active = 0x7f0d00ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/single_tag_text_view = 0x7f0d00ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f130111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/simple_list_fragment = 0x7f0d00e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/simple_icon_list_item = 0x7f0d00e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f070267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/share_episode_dialog = 0x7f0d00e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0d00e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/secondary_action = 0x7f0d00e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/animation_enabled = 0x7f04003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_headline_type = 0x7f0e001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/searchpreference_preference = 0x7f0d00de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_device_name = 0x7f120174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f0401b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/searchpreference_list_item_result = 0x7f0d00dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/quick_feed_discovery = 0x7f0d00d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/go_to_position_label = 0x7f120171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/queue_fragment = 0x7f0d00d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_widget_switch_compat = 0x7f0d00d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_widget_seekbar_material = 0x7f0d00cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/track = 0x7f0404df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0801b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_widget_seekbar = 0x7f0d00ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f070278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/discover_hide_item = 0x7f0a011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_material_switch = 0x7f0d00cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_material = 0x7f0d00ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_dialog_edittext = 0x7f0d00c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_category = 0x7f0d00c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/popup_bubble_view = 0x7f0d00c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f04014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/pager_fragment = 0x7f0d00bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1300a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/opml_selection = 0x7f0d00bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/escape = 0x7f0a0151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0d00b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral17 = 0x7f060122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_big_media_custom = 0x7f0d00af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mark_unread_label = 0x7f1201c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_big_media = 0x7f0d00ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_color = 0x7f0e016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_media_cancel_action = 0x7f0d00ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_media_action = 0x7f0d00ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f04016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0d00ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_error = 0x7f12039a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0d00aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/nextcloud_auth_dialog = 0x7f0d00a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f0a0079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/nav_listitem = 0x7f0d00a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/nav_list = 0x7f0d00a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0d00a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_show_down_center = 0x7f01001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f06014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0d009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0d009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/simple_list_item_multiple_choice_on_start = 0x7f0d00ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0d009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/contentPanel = 0x7f0a00e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d0098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f0a0022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0d0096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0d0094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0701e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0d0093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0d0092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f0404e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0d008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0d008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0b003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0d0089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f130383
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/inbox = 0x7f0f000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f140052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/more_content_list_footer = 0x7f0d0085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f1201d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0d0080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0403f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_shutter = 0x7f0a0186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etxtSkipEnd = 0x7f0a0157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0d007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preference_copied = 0x7f1202f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f1201fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f1201d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0d0079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f04022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_paused_episodes_label = 0x7f120185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0d0078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_icon_size = 0x7f07015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0d0077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d0075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/local_feed_description = 0x7f1201b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_prev = 0x7f0a017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d0074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f04026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/yearLabel = 0x7f0a0416
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d0073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/item_description_fragment = 0x7f0d0070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/ime_secondary_split_test_activity = 0x7f0d006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f06008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/ime_base_split_test_activity = 0x7f0d006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/image_frame = 0x7f0d006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f040435
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/home_section_echo = 0x7f0d006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/home_fragment = 0x7f0d0068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_credentials = 0x7f0d0062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f130107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_completed = 0x7f120123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/fragment_online_search = 0x7f0d0060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/floating_select_menu_item = 0x7f0d005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/keylines = 0x7f040283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/filter_dialog_row = 0x7f0d005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feeditemlist_item = 0x7f0d005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_color = 0x7f0e014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feeditem_fragment = 0x7f0d0057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feed_statistics_dialog = 0x7f0d0055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/socialMessageCard = 0x7f0a0340
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feed_statistics = 0x7f0d0053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e0140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feed_item_list_fragment = 0x7f0d0051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f130441
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_refresh_sum = 0x7f12015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f070236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/external_player_fragment = 0x7f0d0050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1300e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/medium_gray = 0x7f0602d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_track_selection_dialog = 0x7f0d004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_styled_sub_settings_list_item = 0x7f0d004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.OverflowHide = 0x7f130144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_styled_settings_list_item = 0x7f0d004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0602f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_styled_settings_list = 0x7f0d004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/queue_label = 0x7f120306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_player_view = 0x7f0d004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f040423
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_player_control_view = 0x7f0d0049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f130027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_player_control_ffwd_button = 0x7f0d0047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/episodes_list_fragment = 0x7f0d0044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/empty_view_layout = 0x7f0d0042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/echo_activity = 0x7f0d003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AppSwitchPreference = 0x7f130012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0a0248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/downloadlog_item = 0x7f0d003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0d0083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1300f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0d003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0d0039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0d0037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0d0036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0e00af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0d0033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f07014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0d0030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/title = 0x7f0404c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/choose_data_folder_dialog_entry = 0x7f0d0029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/audioplayer_fragment = 0x7f0d0021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_heartbeat_right = 0x7f010014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/alertdialog_sync_provider_chooser = 0x7f0d001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/activity_widget_config = 0x7f0d001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f04008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f040362
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0d001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_shape = 0x7f0e014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0d001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0d0019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butConfirm = 0x7f0a0097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0d0018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0d0015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0d0034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f0401ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0d0012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f130297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/hide_ime_id = 0x7f0a01c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/screen = 0x7f0a02f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0d0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0d000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_pause = 0x7f0800de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/edit_tags = 0x7f1200ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0d000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f0a0017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f120007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0d0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0d0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0d0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0d0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0c0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0c000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0c000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f040319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0c0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0c0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f06026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f04047b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/errorLabel = 0x7f0a014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f04005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_previous = 0x7f0800e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0b004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/nav_drawer_screen_size_percent = 0x7f0b004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f040460
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0b004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/entries = 0x7f0401c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0b0049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0b0046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f040464
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy = 0x7f130449
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_intro_in_podcasts = 0x7f1200d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e00da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0b0039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b0037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0b0034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0b0032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_device_not_found = 0x7f12009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_corner_family = 0x7f0b002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_corner_family = 0x7f0b002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_type_label = 0x7f120305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_corner_family = 0x7f0b002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0b0028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0b0026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/rating_dialog = 0x7f0d00d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_widget_switch = 0x7f0d00d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0b0023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_filter_all_time = 0x7f120377
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/on_demand_config_download_text = 0x7f120260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f04027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0b0022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0b0021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0b0020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0b001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1302fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0b001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0b0019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b0017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/exo_media_button_opacity_percentage_enabled = 0x7f0b000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/exo_media_button_opacity_percentage_disabled = 0x7f0b000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/content_limit_route_list = 0x7f0b000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_episodes_downloaded = 0x7f120370
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/content_limit_pane = 0x7f0b0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f13042c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/content_limit_grid = 0x7f0b0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0b0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0b0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/widget_opacity_textView = 0x7f0a040f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/widget_config_preview = 0x7f0a040d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/when_playing = 0x7f0a040a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_hardware_previous_button_title = 0x7f1202c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/addfeed = 0x7f0d001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/welcomeContainer = 0x7f0a0409
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0a038b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0a0405
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_type_episode_item = 0x7f0a03fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/svg_animatable_play = 0x7f120393
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0a03fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f0a03fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0a03fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/video_decoder_gl_surface_view = 0x7f0a03f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f130306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/videoView = 0x7f0a03f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f13037e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/videoPlayerContainer = 0x7f0a03f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/usernameEditText = 0x7f0a03f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f0402a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preview_episodes = 0x7f1202f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action0 = 0x7f0a0031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_list_divider = 0x7f0d0046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/used_space = 0x7f0a03f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/vertical = 0x7f0a03f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/useLogo = 0x7f0a03f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/searchpreference_more = 0x7f0f0018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/urlLabel = 0x7f0a03f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/urlEditText = 0x7f0a03ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/up = 0x7f0a03ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/clear_history_label = 0x7f12005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0a03ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/uniform = 0x7f0a03eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sp_apps_importing_feeds_msg = 0x7f12036a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/unchecked = 0x7f0a03ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvTitle = 0x7f0a03e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvStart = 0x7f0a03e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/wait_icon = 0x7f1203ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f040436
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvReason = 0x7f0a03e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPublished = 0x7f0a03df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f0a0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvProgress = 0x7f0a03dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f130232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPodcastTitle = 0x7f0a03da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPodcast = 0x7f0a03d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWithTextHeight = 0x7f040067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPlaceholder = 0x7f0a03d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f1201c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPassword = 0x7f0a03d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvMessage = 0x7f0a03d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvInformation = 0x7f0a03d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvHost = 0x7f0a03d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvFailure = 0x7f0a03d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvError = 0x7f0a03ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvDescription = 0x7f0a03cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtNoPlaying = 0x7f0a03c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transparentBackground = 0x7f0a03c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_position = 0x7f0a03c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0a03c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0a03bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0a03bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0a03bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transcript_item = 0x7f0a03ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/total_time = 0x7f0a03b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/total_description = 0x7f0a03b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f140017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/topPanel = 0x7f0a03b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/toolbar = 0x7f0a03b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/titleLabel = 0x7f0a03b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_settings_listview = 0x7f0a0184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/title = 0x7f0a03af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_controls_padding = 0x7f0700b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/timeSetup = 0x7f0a03ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f040367
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0a03c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/time = 0x7f0a03aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeLightRadio = 0x7f0a03a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeLightCard = 0x7f0a03a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f060285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeDarkCard = 0x7f0a03a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.TimeBar = 0x7f130151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0a03a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f040507
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f06015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_surround_7_point_1 = 0x7f12013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0a039d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_hardware_forward_button_title = 0x7f1202be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0a039c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f040503
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0a039b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/swipe_refresh_distance = 0x7f0b004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textTop = 0x7f0a0398
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/center = 0x7f0a00b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f04030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/text2 = 0x7f0a0393
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0a020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/text = 0x7f0a0392
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/termsTextInput = 0x7f0a0391
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0a038d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0a038c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.AudioTrack = 0x7f130141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f0400b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f0601e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0a038a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_import_summary = 0x7f12026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Base.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Dark = 0x7f130295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/swipe_left = 0x7f120394
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0a0389
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0a0386
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0a0385
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_corner_family = 0x7f0b002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0a0384
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0e010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_type_subscription_grid_with_title = 0x7f0a03ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tabMode = 0x7f0a0380
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f120197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/swipeRefresh = 0x7f0a037e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/surface_view = 0x7f0a037a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/supportUrl = 0x7f0a0379
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f070082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/supportHeadingLabel = 0x7f0a0378
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/skipAnimationImage = 0x7f0a0334
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subtitleLabel = 0x7f0a0376
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subtitle = 0x7f0a0375
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_itunes_label = 0x7f120336
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_delete_playback_title = 0x7f120288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscriptions_sort = 0x7f0a0374
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_num_columns_4 = 0x7f0a036f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_color = 0x7f0e014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0d008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_num_columns_2 = 0x7f0a036d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040344
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nav_settings = 0x7f0a0255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscribeNagLabel = 0x7f0a036a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_24_hours = 0x7f120151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/submit_area = 0x7f0a0369
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0a0368
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rootFolderCheckbox = 0x7f0a02e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0d0099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/stretch = 0x7f0a0367
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/status_bar_latest_event_content = 0x7f0a0365
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statusInbox = 0x7f0a0364
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/status = 0x7f0a0363
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/background = 0x7f04004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statisticsContainer = 0x7f0a035c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_order_most_played = 0x7f1200c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statisticsButton = 0x7f0a035b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f08006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0a035a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_recyclerview = 0x7f0d00cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f0a0356
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/start = 0x7f0a0355
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/standard = 0x7f0a0354
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/src_in = 0x7f0a0352
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/square = 0x7f0a0350
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f130469
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1302e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spinner = 0x7f0a034a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/speed_seek_bar = 0x7f0a0348
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0702a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_label = 0x7f12018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f0a0347
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spacer = 0x7f0a0345
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spaceDownloaded = 0x7f0a0344
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sort_items = 0x7f0a0342
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_tagline = 0x7f120310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0a033f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/NestedScrollableHost = 0x7f140075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/snap = 0x7f0a033e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/skip_episode_item = 0x7f0a0338
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/shuffleButton = 0x7f0a0331
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral92 = 0x7f060130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f060267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/showPasswordButton = 0x7f0a032e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/showLaterButton = 0x7f0a032d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/showCustom = 0x7f0a032b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/shortcut = 0x7f0a0329
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_selection_title_text = 0x7f120137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/share_url_item = 0x7f0a0328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/share_feed = 0x7f0a0325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/settings_fragment_container = 0x7f0a0324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/settingsContainer = 0x7f0a0323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1302c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/setSleeptimerButton = 0x7f0a0321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/serverUrlTextInput = 0x7f0a0320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f130060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/serverUrlText = 0x7f0a031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/separatorIcons = 0x7f0a031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f120221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selection_type = 0x7f0a031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selected_speeds_grid = 0x7f0a031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f0401c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f120276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/total_size_downloaded_podcasts = 0x7f110017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/select_toggle = 0x7f0a031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f080097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/select_all_below = 0x7f0a0317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/select_all_above = 0x7f0a0316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selectCheckBox = 0x7f0a0313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f1304bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/seekbar_value = 0x7f0a0312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0e00f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/preference_icon_minWidth = 0x7f07034f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/seekbar = 0x7f0a0311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/seekPositionLabel = 0x7f0a0310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sectionLabel = 0x7f0a030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/searchbar = 0x7f0a0308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_src_text = 0x7f0a0306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_plate = 0x7f0a0304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1302f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f0a0301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f13008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/ellipsize_start_listitem = 0x7f0d0041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f08018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/searchPodcastIndexButton = 0x7f0a02fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f0a002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/searchItunesButton = 0x7f0a02fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f140061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f1301de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/opml_selection_options = 0x7f0f0013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/searchFyydButton = 0x7f0a02f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/searchButton = 0x7f0a02f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_shape = 0x7f0e0023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scrollView = 0x7f0a02f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f070202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0a02f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0b003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scroll = 0x7f0a02f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f130057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0a02ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f0a02ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0a02eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/time_dialog = 0x7f0d0101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_no_connection = 0x7f1200a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0a02ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_content_frame = 0x7f0a0165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/right = 0x7f0a02e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rewindButton = 0x7f0a02e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f04014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0a02e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rename_folder_item = 0x7f0a02dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f130398
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_item = 0x7f0a02db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f130119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_all_inbox_item = 0x7f0a02d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/baseline = 0x7f0a0078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0a039a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/recyclerView = 0x7f0a02d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_ffwd_with_amount = 0x7f0a016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f07027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rectangles = 0x7f0a02d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f07021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rateButton = 0x7f0a02cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f0801a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f04041a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_next_chapter = 0x7f080136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/radio = 0x7f0a02cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/quickFeedDiscovery = 0x7f0a02ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0403f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/queue_sort = 0x7f0a02c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/queue_lock = 0x7f0a02c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progressBarReplacementSpacer = 0x7f0a02c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progressBar = 0x7f0a02c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/removed_from_inbox_batch_label = 0x7f110011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progress = 0x7f0a02c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progbarLoading = 0x7f0a02c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_proxy_title = 0x7f1202db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f0602fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progLoading = 0x7f0a02c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progBar = 0x7f0a02be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f130214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pref_show_subscription_title = 0x7f0a02bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/postLayout = 0x7f0a02b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_about = 0x7f150007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f1303b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant94 = 0x7f0600e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/positionLabel = 0x7f0a02b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/position = 0x7f0a02b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/player_switch_to_audio_only = 0x7f0a02b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/player_show_chapters = 0x7f0a02b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/player_control = 0x7f0a02b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playback_speed = 0x7f0a02af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playbackTime = 0x7f0a02ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pin = 0x7f0a02ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/percent = 0x7f0a02a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center.Next = 0x7f13014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_sync_error = 0x7f0a02a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_service_autodownload_report = 0x7f0a02a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_ad_overlay = 0x7f0a015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_update_receiver_name = 0x7f120163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_service_auth = 0x7f0a02a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/time_seconds = 0x7f1203b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_backup_error = 0x7f0a029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_allow_stream_this_time = 0x7f0a029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1304c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pathRelative = 0x7f0a029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f04031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/urlHeadingLabel = 0x7f0a03ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f0701c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/past_year_button = 0x7f0a0298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/breadcrumbs = 0x7f0a008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0a0295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f130417
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/parentRelative = 0x7f0a0294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/overview_coordinator_layout = 0x7f0a028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/outline = 0x7f0a028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f0401b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_color = 0x7f0e0024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/outerContainer = 0x7f0a028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/opmlImportButton = 0x7f0a028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_toolbar = 0x7f0a0288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f070114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f0a0286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_edit_text = 0x7f0a0282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/duration = 0x7f1200ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f0a0281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_content_container = 0x7f0a027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_podcast = 0x7f0a027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/increase_speed = 0x7f1201a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/emptyLabel = 0x7f0a013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/numNewItemsLabel = 0x7f0a0274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notify_new_episodes = 0x7f0a0273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_updating_feeds = 0x7f0a0272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/media_type_video_label = 0x7f1201e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f07032d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_streaming_confirmation = 0x7f0a0271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f0a026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/dialog_switch_preference = 0x7f0d003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_full_notification_buttons_title = 0x7f1202ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_id_backup_error = 0x7f0a026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_gpodnet_sync_error = 0x7f0a026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_followQueue_sum = 0x7f1202b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0e0175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_gpodnet_sync_autherror = 0x7f0a026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0a0388
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_downloading = 0x7f0a026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_download_report = 0x7f0a0269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_background = 0x7f0a0268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nonSubscribedWarningLabel = 0x7f0a0264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_inbox_label = 0x7f12023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/no_results = 0x7f0a0263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/headerDescriptionLabel = 0x7f0a01c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/newTagEditText = 0x7f0a025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0a033d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/neverAgainButton = 0x7f0a025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f130047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0d00b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f0a025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f130366
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f0a0257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/copied_to_clipboard = 0x7f120074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f0a0027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0d0090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/horizontal_feed_item = 0x7f0d006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f04026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_unsupported_type_html = 0x7f1200ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nav_list = 0x7f0a0254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nav_feeds_filtered_message = 0x7f0a0251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f040051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/multiply = 0x7f0a024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/swipeactions_dialog = 0x7f0d00fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f0a024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f0a0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f0a024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f060085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0a0249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0a0244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f0a0241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1302fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f0a0240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f04026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f0a023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f0a0238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/saturation = 0x7f0403ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f0a0237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/move_to_bottom_item = 0x7f0a0235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_download_label = 0x7f120032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navDrawerFragment = 0x7f0a0250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/moreButton = 0x7f0a0231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/more = 0x7f0a0230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_title = 0x7f0a022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f0a022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0e010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f0a022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_host = 0x7f0d0067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/minimum = 0x7f0a0228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_adaptation_summary = 0x7f120165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mini = 0x7f0a0227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f060118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/middle = 0x7f0a0226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f040206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playtime_layout = 0x7f0a02b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/media_controller_compat_view_tag = 0x7f0a0224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_episodes_download = 0x7f120398
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mediaAddressText = 0x7f0a0221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mediaAddressCard = 0x7f0a0220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0b0031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/drag_handle = 0x7f0a0128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_value_index = 0x7f0a021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f0a021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f0a021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f0a021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/behavior = 0x7f12003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f0a0219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f1201f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_label = 0x7f0a0215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0a0214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0a0211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f070211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f0a025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0a0210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f0a020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tagsRecycler = 0x7f0a038e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f040122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f0a020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f0401a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f0801b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f07033f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/secondRowContainer = 0x7f0a0309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/match_parent = 0x7f0a020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/marquee = 0x7f0a0208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_history = 0x7f0a0084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/filter_dialog = 0x7f0d005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/list_item = 0x7f0a0200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0402ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/line1 = 0x7f0a01fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/multi_select_started_talkback = 0x7f120229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/skipSilence = 0x7f0a0336
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/legacy = 0x7f0a01fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/left_padding = 0x7f0a01f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_continue_empty_text = 0x7f120188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f04003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0a01f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/layout_left = 0x7f0a01f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/layout_center = 0x7f0a01f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feedinfo = 0x7f0d0056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/largeLabel = 0x7f0a01f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cover_summary = 0x7f1202a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/labeled = 0x7f0a01f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/keepSortedCheckbox = 0x7f0a01ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_summary_nextcloud = 0x7f1203ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0a01ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ivInPlaylist = 0x7f0a01ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f0a0259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/italic = 0x7f0a01e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/is_pooling_container_tag = 0x7f0a01e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error = 0x7f06023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e0036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/isFavorite = 0x7f0a01e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/seekCardView = 0x7f0a030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_root = 0x7f0a0284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/invisible = 0x7f0a01e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f06013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f060261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/info_bar = 0x7f0a01e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scale = 0x7f0a02ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0a01df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0c000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/theme = 0x7f0404a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/inbox_sort = 0x7f0a01dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b0015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/additional_horizontal_spacing = 0x7f070051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_import_error_no_file = 0x7f12026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/move_to_top_label = 0x7f1201e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/imgvCover = 0x7f0a01db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/imgvBackground = 0x7f0a01da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/icon_group = 0x7f0a01d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/horizontal = 0x7f0a01d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1303f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_checking = 0x7f1202fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_adapdation = 0x7f120164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/homesettings_items = 0x7f0a01ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_boost_heavy = 0x7f120166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/homeContainer = 0x7f0a01cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dark.Translucent = 0x7f13026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/home = 0x7f0a01ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/content = 0x7f0a00df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/history = 0x7f0a01c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/height = 0x7f0a01c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f0401a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/headerLabel = 0x7f0a01c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/headerContainer = 0x7f0a01c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/more_content_list_footer = 0x7f0a0233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/header = 0x7f0a01c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/group_divider = 0x7f0a01bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/socialMessageText = 0x7f0a0341
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/gridView = 0x7f0a01be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/graph = 0x7f0a01bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/gone = 0x7f0a01ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f140009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/go_to_position_item = 0x7f0a01b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1301ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_tags_label = 0x7f120160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0a01b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_user_interface = 0x7f150010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0a01b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statisticsHeading = 0x7f0a035e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0a01b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fragmentLayout = 0x7f0a01b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f130424
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fragmentContainer = 0x7f0a01b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/floatingSelectMenu = 0x7f0a01af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/import_export_pref = 0x7f120198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/password_toggle = 0x7f0a0297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/flip = 0x7f0a01ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0e0109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fitXY = 0x7f0a01a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0a01a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fitStart = 0x7f0a01a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0a01a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/filterButton2 = 0x7f0a01a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/filterButton1 = 0x7f0a01a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_radius = 0x7f07031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/feeds_filtered_message = 0x7f0a019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fastForwardButton = 0x7f0a0198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0600a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f040251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/extendSleepTwentyMinutesButton = 0x7f0a0194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.TrueBlack.NoTitle = 0x7f130273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/expectedNextEpisode = 0x7f0a0190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0a018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_track_selection_view = 0x7f0a018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_repeat_off = 0x7f0800c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:mipmap/ic_launcher_monochrome = 0x7f100003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f1301c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_time = 0x7f0a018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0403c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_text = 0x7f0a018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_subtitles = 0x7f0a0189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_subtitle = 0x7f0a0188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_skip = 0x7f08013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_shuffle = 0x7f0a0185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_settings = 0x7f0a0183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/lock_queue = 0x7f1201b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_rew = 0x7f0a0181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0a0218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_progress_placeholder = 0x7f0a017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showPaths = 0x7f0403f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_overlay = 0x7f0a0177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_overflow_show = 0x7f0a0176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_overflow_hide = 0x7f0a0175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_next = 0x7f0a0174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_ffwd = 0x7f0a016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f14009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f040279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_extra_controls_scroll_view = 0x7f0a016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f06024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_duration = 0x7f0a0169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_controller_placeholder = 0x7f0a0167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_check = 0x7f0a0164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_center_controls = 0x7f0a0163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/outward = 0x7f0a028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_bottom_bar = 0x7f0a0161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/fragment_subscriptions = 0x7f0d0061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_audio_track = 0x7f0a015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_artwork = 0x7f0a015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0a015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0b0030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0b0024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0702f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etxtUsername = 0x7f0a015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etPort = 0x7f0a0154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/errorContainer = 0x7f0a014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodesStarted = 0x7f0a014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episode_details = 0x7f0a0148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodeFilterDurationText = 0x7f0a0145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/postSplashScreenTheme = 0x7f0403a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0a0143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/enqueue_location_after_current = 0x7f1200f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/end = 0x7f0a0140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/enableSwitch = 0x7f0a013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorTertiaryFixed = 0x7f040135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/emptyViewTitle = 0x7f0a013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/emptyViewMessage = 0x7f0a013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f040453
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f06010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f1201c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f06020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/edit_tags = 0x7f0a0137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f040514
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error_container = 0x7f06023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/edit_query = 0x7f0a0136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/edit_feed_url_item = 0x7f0a0135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/spnAutoDeleteValues = 0x7f030020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/edge = 0x7f0a0134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/echoLogo = 0x7f0a0132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/easeOut = 0x7f0a0130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f040459
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0a012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/easeIn = 0x7f0a012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/durationLabel = 0x7f0a012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/durationCheckBox = 0x7f0a012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/drawer_layout = 0x7f0a0129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragStart = 0x7f0a0126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/move_to_top_item = 0x7f0a0236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f13044d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragRight = 0x7f0a0125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0a0124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f070222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_smart_mark_as_played_title = 0x7f1202e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragDown = 0x7f0a0121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_comment_hoarder = 0x7f1200cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/downloads_sort = 0x7f0a0120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/download_item = 0x7f0a011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disjoint = 0x7f0a011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/discovery_cover = 0x7f0a011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/seek_delta_values = 0x7f03001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f04021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/dialog_choose_sync_service_title = 0x7f12008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0d0032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cache_summary = 0x7f1202a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f070032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/discover_countries_item = 0x7f0a0118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f120224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0602f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_existing_devices = 0x7f120177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disable_sleeptimer_item = 0x7f0a0117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0b001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disableSleeptimerButton = 0x7f0a0116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disableHome = 0x7f0a0113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0a0110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/reset_position = 0x7f120332
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dialogSwitch = 0x7f0a010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/devicesContainer = 0x7f0a010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip_intro_toast = 0x7f1202b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/deviceSelectError = 0x7f0a010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0d009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f0701c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0a010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_fade = 0x7f01000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0a010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0a0109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0403f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0a0107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0d0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/descriptionHeadingLabel = 0x7f0a0103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0d007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f140028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1303da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f0a0101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f0a0100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dateLabel = 0x7f0a00f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/credentialsError = 0x7f0a00f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/createAccountWarning = 0x7f0a00f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Badge = 0x7f140015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/crash_report_logs = 0x7f0a00f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_sleep = 0x7f080162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cradle = 0x7f0a00f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/coverImage = 0x7f0a00ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/itxtvFailure = 0x7f0a01e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f0a00e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/countViewPill = 0x7f0a00e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cos = 0x7f0a00e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabMode = 0x7f04045c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/coordinator = 0x7f0a00e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/content_root = 0x7f0a00e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/marked_unread_batch_label = 0x7f11000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bar_height = 0x7f040077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_unknown_host = 0x7f1200aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/container = 0x7f0a00de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/confirmFiltermenu = 0x7f0a00dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_host_label = 0x7f1203a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/compress = 0x7f0a00db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/commonTagsInfo = 0x7f0a00da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/both = 0x7f0a007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/contributors = 0x7f120072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/infoContainer = 0x7f0a01e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/combinedFeedSearchEditText = 0x7f0a00d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_subscriptions_head_label = 0x7f120245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f120200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f0a00d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_information = 0x7f1200fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscriptions_add = 0x7f0a0371
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_vr = 0x7f0a018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconSpaceReserved = 0x7f040246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/closeButton = 0x7f0a00d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceSummaryTextStyle = 0x7f130195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_filters_description = 0x7f1200fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f13037a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clockwise = 0x7f0a00d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_rowSpan = 0x7f0402cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_category_material = 0x7f0d00c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f0a00d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear_text = 0x7f0a00d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statisticsFragmentContainer = 0x7f0a035d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear_logs_item = 0x7f0a00d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e0041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear_history = 0x7f0a00ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ckSkip = 0x7f0a00cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_create_device = 0x7f120173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f0601a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0b0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ckFastForward = 0x7f0a00c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/text_size_navdrawer = 0x7f07035d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/circularProgressBar = 0x7f0a00c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_icon = 0x7f0a0170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/circle_center = 0x7f0a00c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e00b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chronometer = 0x7f0a00c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chip = 0x7f0a00c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f130022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/actionButton = 0x7f0a0032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no = 0x7f12022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spline = 0x7f0a034c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/automotive_app_desc = 0x7f150001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f130213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f040271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/checkbox = 0x7f0a00c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/changeTimesButton = 0x7f0a00be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_welcome_text = 0x7f120191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/changeButton = 0x7f0a00bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/play_label = 0x7f120279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chains = 0x7f0a00bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/reorder_dialog_header = 0x7f0d00d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chain = 0x7f0a00bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_auto_download = 0x7f1202c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f0a0028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chAutoEnable = 0x7f0a00ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f0a00b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f070060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/centerCrop = 0x7f0a00b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cbVibrate = 0x7f0a00b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cardView = 0x7f0a00b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_host_empty_error = 0x7f1202ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/card = 0x7f0a00b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeDarkCardRadio = 0x7f0a03a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1302ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1300a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f080049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f0a00ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/buttonGroup = 0x7f0a00ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f140064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/button = 0x7f0a00ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butSubscribe = 0x7f0a00a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1304de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butShowSettings = 0x7f0a00a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butShowInfo = 0x7f0a00a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f0702f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/filter_items = 0x7f0a01a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butRetry = 0x7f0a00a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral96 = 0x7f0600cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butPrevChapter = 0x7f0a00a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/retry_label = 0x7f120333
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butPlaybackSpeed = 0x7f0a00a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0403ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butPlayExtended = 0x7f0a00a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butPlay = 0x7f0a009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butNextChapter = 0x7f0a009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_dim = 0x7f060206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f120009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butLogin = 0x7f0a009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butIncSpeed = 0x7f0a009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butFilter = 0x7f0a009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_auto_downloaded = 0x7f120248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butCancel = 0x7f0a0096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0402f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction2 = 0x7f0a0093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction1Text = 0x7f0a0092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction1Icon = 0x7f0a0091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/btn_open_bug_tracker = 0x7f0a008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral94 = 0x7f0600cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_log_downloads_label = 0x7f12023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/shortcutBtn = 0x7f0a032a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/btn_copy_log = 0x7f0a008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f130175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/time_minutes = 0x7f1203b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_padding = 0x7f0a008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_queue = 0x7f0a0088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0a02f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_bar_text_view = 0x7f0a027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_more = 0x7f0a0087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0d0017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Center.Previous = 0x7f13014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ALT = 0x7f0a0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_home = 0x7f0a0085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_episodes = 0x7f0a0083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottomControlsContainer = 0x7f0a007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f1301c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom = 0x7f0a007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_download_failed = 0x7f1200fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/blocking = 0x7f0a007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/belowLabel = 0x7f0a007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/beginning = 0x7f0a007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/barrier = 0x7f0a0077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/barchart_description = 0x7f0a0076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_text = 0x7f0a0073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_button_positive = 0x7f0a006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f130315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscription_display_list = 0x7f120389
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040356
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_skip_next = 0x7f0800aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/add_current_speed_chip = 0x7f0a0050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/barChart = 0x7f0a0075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_button_negative = 0x7f0a006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloonOverlayView = 0x7f0a006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon = 0x7f0a006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ivIsVideo = 0x7f0a01eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/backgroundImage = 0x7f0a006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0a0066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/auto = 0x7f0a0064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/audio_controls = 0x7f0a0061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/copy = 0x7f120075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/appbar = 0x7f0a005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0e0039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/appBar = 0x7f0a005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f040272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/updated_feeds_batch_label = 0x7f110018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/animateToStart = 0x7f0a005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f0a005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_order_last_update = 0x7f1200c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_badge_large_size = 0x7f070131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/always = 0x7f0a0059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/allTimeButton = 0x7f0a0058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/color = 0x7f0400fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/all = 0x7f0a0057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/alignMargins = 0x7f0a0055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/add_to_favorites_item = 0x7f0a0051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/addLocalFolderButton = 0x7f0a004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f07012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/add = 0x7f0a004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvUsername = 0x7f0a03e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_text = 0x7f0a004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_statistics = 0x7f0a0049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f0a0047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/matrix = 0x7f0a021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/clear_queue_label = 0x7f120061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_error = 0x7f060057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f060156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/nav_section_item = 0x7f0d00a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_badge = 0x7f0a02fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f1201fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f0a0044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0404d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_favorites = 0x7f0a0041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f120346
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragUp = 0x7f0a0127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container = 0x7f06018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_divider = 0x7f0a003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_delete_downloads_played = 0x7f0a003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0702e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_container = 0x7f0a003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f120146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/home_section = 0x7f0d0069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f0a003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f0a0039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f0a0037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_persistNotify_sum = 0x7f1202d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f0a0036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f040372
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_dragged_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/expand_button = 0x7f0d004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f0a0030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f0a002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f13023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/feeditemlist_context = 0x7f0f0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/autodownload = 0x7f0a0069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/theming = 0x7f1203b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/developers = 0x7f12008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f0a002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f0a002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f13039c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f0a0029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f0a0026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f0a0024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f0a0023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/transcript_follow = 0x7f1203bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0403d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color_legacy = 0x7f060171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/never = 0x7f0a025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f0a001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130337
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f0a001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f0a001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_items_title = 0x7f1202cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f0a0019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f0a0015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_choose_title = 0x7f1203a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f0801d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f070245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_to_favorite_label = 0x7f120024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dragHandle = 0x7f0a0123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f0a0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f04013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f0a000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/META = 0x7f0a0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/CTRL = 0x7f0a0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f0a0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/main_view = 0x7f0a0205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:font/sarabun_semi_bold = 0x7f090002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:font/sarabun_regular = 0x7f090001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:font/roboto_medium_numbers = 0x7f090000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_star = 0x7f080164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0b0048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/theme_preview_system = 0x7f0801d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/theme_preview_light = 0x7f0801d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/theme_preview_dark = 0x7f0801d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f1301cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/searchpreference_ic_more = 0x7f0801d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f0a0046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/button_action_values = 0x7f030001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f060259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/searchpreference_ic_history = 0x7f0801d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f130386
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_thumb_pressed_dark = 0x7f0801cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/progress_bar_horizontal_light = 0x7f0801c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f1201f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f1304d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/preference_list_divider_material = 0x7f0801c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0801c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f13035c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0801c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f040409
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_oversize_large_icon_bg = 0x7f0801c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_feed_item = 0x7f0a0279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cardViewSeek = 0x7f0a00b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f07032b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0801bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0801be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/floating_select_menu = 0x7f0d005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0801bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0b0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0801bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f040491
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pickerGridLayout = 0x7f0a02aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/nextcloud_logo = 0x7f0801b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f1400a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f0801b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0801ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f13032b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip_sum = 0x7f1202b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f0801aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0801a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f0801a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/smallLabel = 0x7f0a033b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodeProgress = 0x7f0a0146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f08019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f08019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f070265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_delete_title = 0x7f12028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f060126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f08019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f080198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f080197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/checkbox_do_not_show_again = 0x7f0a00c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f08018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f040177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f1201e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_synchronization = 0x7f15000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f08018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f04021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f1201d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f0403e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/end_padder = 0x7f0a0142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e00cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f08018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f08018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/custom = 0x7f0a00f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/local_folder = 0x7f1201b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f08018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f080186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f080185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_num_columns_5 = 0x7f0a0370
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/nav_drawer_feed_counter_values = 0x7f030019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f080184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f080183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f1303a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keycode_media_next = 0x7f1201ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f080181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f1201f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f08017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shortcut_playlist = 0x7f08015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle = 0x7f08017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f08017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/logo_monochrome = 0x7f08017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f1201fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/launcher_animate_bg = 0x7f080178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_refresh_never = 0x7f12015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f140098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0404d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_delete_confirmation_local_msg = 0x7f12014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/indeterminate_static = 0x7f080176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f13004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0b0044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_podcast_by_url = 0x7f12001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/icon_background = 0x7f080175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_fullscreen_exit_description = 0x7f12010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f07025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_pause = 0x7f080170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_fast_rewind = 0x7f08016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f06011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_fast_forward = 0x7f08016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_subscriptions = 0x7f080168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_stream = 0x7f080167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_storage = 0x7f080166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0e0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvAuthor = 0x7f0a03c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_sleep_off = 0x7f080163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0d00b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f120043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_skip_24dp = 0x7f080160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shortcut_refresh = 0x7f08015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1303bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shortcut_feed = 0x7f08015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f120026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/editTextPreferenceStyle = 0x7f0401af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shortcut_background = 0x7f08015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f060280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0a0382
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_thumb_dark = 0x7f0801c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_settings_white = 0x7f080158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_select_none = 0x7f080156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_select_all = 0x7f080155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f080154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_search = 0x7f080153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_rounded_corner_right = 0x7f080152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f0a0018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_rounded_corner_left = 0x7f080151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/filtered_label = 0x7f12016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f130323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/keep_updated = 0x7f0a01ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/select_country_dialog = 0x7f0d00e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backHandlingEnabled = 0x7f04004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_replay = 0x7f080150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_refresh = 0x7f08014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_policy = 0x7f08014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f07006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_playlist_play = 0x7f080149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f130387
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_playback_speed = 0x7f080148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_play_video_white = 0x7f080147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_settings = 0x7f0a0089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_play_24dp = 0x7f080145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_pencil = 0x7f080144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_paperclip = 0x7f080141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chapterButton = 0x7f0a00bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_sleep_off = 0x7f08013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_playback_speed = 0x7f080139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_play = 0x7f080138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_pause = 0x7f080137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f140039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f1303f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_role_commentary = 0x7f120132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_new = 0x7f080135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/subscriptions_default_num_of_columns = 0x7f0b004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1301f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_fast_rewind = 0x7f080134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f040463
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_fast_forward = 0x7f080133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/aligned = 0x7f0a0056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1304a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f120345
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_filter_feed_sum = 0x7f1202b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f08012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0e002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f08012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mark_unplayed = 0x7f08012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f08001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar = 0x7f0a0035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_playlist_play_black = 0x7f08014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f0a022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_scrim = 0x7f0a0285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_setting_width = 0x7f0700a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f080128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_load_more = 0x7f080127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f130438
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f080126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/content = 0x7f040140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_key = 0x7f080125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1303f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_info_white = 0x7f080124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_inbox = 0x7f080122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_pause = 0x7f080142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_folder = 0x7f08011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_feed_black = 0x7f08011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f130339
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/call_notification_decline_color = 0x7f060032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_feed = 0x7f08011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_color = 0x7f0e001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_fast_rewind = 0x7f080118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_compact_notification_buttons_dialog_error_exact = 0x7f120296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_drag_lighttheme = 0x7f080113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f130259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_download_black = 0x7f080111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0d00a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_stream = 0x7f08013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_download = 0x7f080110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_disc_alert = 0x7f08010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_delete = 0x7f08010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f070317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_curved_arrow = 0x7f08010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0e00d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f120057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_contributors = 0x7f08010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_contribute = 0x7f08010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_close = 0x7f080107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f080106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.PreferenceScreen = 0x7f130188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0404e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_addfeed = 0x7f0a0081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0a023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f080105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_chat = 0x7f080102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_chart_box = 0x7f080101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_chapter_prev = 0x7f080100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_cancel = 0x7f0800fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_decline_low = 0x7f0800fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/reconnect_local_folder = 0x7f120313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f06011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_answer_video_low = 0x7f0800fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_answer_video = 0x7f0800fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1301fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_bug = 0x7f0800f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_arrow_right_white = 0x7f0800f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_arrow_down_24dp = 0x7f0800f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f0800f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showSeekBarValue = 0x7f0403f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_animate_play_pause = 0x7f0800f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_animate_play = 0x7f0800f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/grey_border = 0x7f0800ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_controller = 0x7f0a0166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/gpodder_icon = 0x7f0800ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f0402d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/homeScrollView = 0x7f0a01cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/preferences_downloads = 0x7f15000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_subtitle_on = 0x7f0800ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_settings = 0x7f0800e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0a012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_eye = 0x7f080115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1300d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_speed = 0x7f0800e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0404b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f04040a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_shuffle_off = 0x7f0800e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f1301f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0a0293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_rewind = 0x7f0800e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f08012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/choose_data_directory_available_space = 0x7f12005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f0401b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_repeat_off = 0x7f0800e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_play = 0x7f0800df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/null_value_podcast_error = 0x7f12025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f13044f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/forever = 0x7f0a01b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_overflow_show = 0x7f0800dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_next = 0x7f0800db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_heartbeat_bottom = 0x7f010011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_fullscreen_exit = 0x7f0800da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1304df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_fastforward = 0x7f0800d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPort = 0x7f0a03db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_audiotrack = 0x7f0800d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_stop = 0x7f0800d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_small_icon = 0x7f0800d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_previous = 0x7f0800d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_play = 0x7f0800d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_pause = 0x7f0800cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/extendSleepFiveMinutesButton = 0x7f0a0192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_fastforward = 0x7f0800cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f0401a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f12020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0a03c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_vr = 0x7f0800cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_rewind = 0x7f0800c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_repeat_one = 0x7f0800c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_play = 0x7f0800c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f130018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_pause = 0x7f0800c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0404b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progBarLogin = 0x7f0a02bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/top = 0x7f0a03b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_next = 0x7f0800c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f130370
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f040309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f040146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ratio = 0x7f0a02ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_left = 0x7f01003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_fastforward = 0x7f0800bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f0a023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_vr = 0x7f0800be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f1201dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_back_button_opens_drawer = 0x7f120292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_stop = 0x7f0800bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_rewind = 0x7f0800ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1302d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_screening_text = 0x7f120050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_repeat_one = 0x7f0800b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f04007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_repeat_off = 0x7f0800b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f04001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_subtitle_off = 0x7f0800e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_previous = 0x7f0800b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f04022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_play = 0x7f0800b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_pause = 0x7f0800b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_history_label = 0x7f12027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f06023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_fullscreen_enter = 0x7f0800b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_subtitle_on = 0x7f0800ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_subtitle_off = 0x7f0800ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_rewind = 0x7f0800a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_play_circle_filled = 0x7f0800a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_pause_circle_filled = 0x7f0800a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_default_album_image = 0x7f0800a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_chevron_right = 0x7f0800a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_container_height = 0x7f0701db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvFF = 0x7f0a03cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f130340
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_skip_previous = 0x7f0800ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_audiotrack = 0x7f08009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_edit_mode_logo = 0x7f08009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/dots_vertical = 0x7f08009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_error_unknown = 0x7f12009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feed_statistics_card = 0x7f0d0054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/years_statistics_label = 0x7f1203ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/reconnect_local_folder = 0x7f0a02cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_progress = 0x7f0a017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral17 = 0x7f0600be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onCross = 0x7f04036f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f080098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f080096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/compat_splash_screen_no_icon_background = 0x7f080095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/description_icon = 0x7f0a0105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_drag_darktheme = 0x7f080112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f06027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b0013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/direct = 0x7f0a0112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f070348
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f08008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f08008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f040307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_message_info = 0x7f080089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon_gray = 0x7f04024a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_message_error = 0x7f080088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_gradient = 0x7f080087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_drawer_item = 0x7f080086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f1201fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f130044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_circle = 0x7f080085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_blue_gradient = 0x7f080084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/balloon_arrow_drawable = 0x7f080083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mobile_download_notice = 0x7f1201e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0d0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f120219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f130485
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_fast_forward = 0x7f1202a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f07012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_history_remove = 0x7f080120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f08007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f080079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_view_all = 0x7f120383
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_play = 0x7f0a0179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/debug_echo = 0x7f0a00fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f080077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/transcript = 0x7f1203ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f080075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0d00fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1304ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_resolution = 0x7f12012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f08006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1300e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_reduction_off = 0x7f12016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f080069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f13030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f080066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0602b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0d008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f140094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0b0035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f080065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1300d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_information = 0x7f0d00c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_checkbox_background = 0x7f080104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f04021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/episode_filter_dialog = 0x7f0d0043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/antennapod_version = 0x7f120029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f08005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f080059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f080058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_image = 0x7f0a0042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f080056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f04042f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f08004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f08004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f04041f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/carColorBlue = 0x7f060033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f080048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/settings_activity = 0x7f0d00e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/playback_speed_seek_bar = 0x7f0d00be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/default_icon_animation_duration = 0x7f0b000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f080047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e0135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0b004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f080045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f080044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f1303e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0401c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f040316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f08003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f13041e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f080033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f0402af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_vr_button = 0x7f040402
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/nav_feed_action_speeddial = 0x7f0f000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f08002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/design_time_downloaded_log_failure_reason = 0x7f120088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon_purple = 0x7f04024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f13012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_force_sync_summary = 0x7f1203a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f08002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040347
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error = 0x7f06023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f080025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0d000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f08001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f070201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f0401ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_overshoot_center = 0x7f010016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f0402b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f130219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_widget_checkbox = 0x7f0d00cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f0702ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statistics_list = 0x7f0a0361
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f0401c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f040371
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/import_no_downgrade = 0x7f12019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f0401c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/controller_layout_id = 0x7f040152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f070162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f040466
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_white = 0x7f06006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$launcher_animate__2 = 0x7f08000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f0702c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$launcher_animate__1 = 0x7f08000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f0600b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$ic_animate_pause_play__1 = 0x7f080009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/minHeight = 0x7f040330
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/enable_system_job_service_default = 0x7f050005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$bg_message_info__0 = 0x7f080007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f040385
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_clear_button = 0x7f0a027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_feed_counter_sum = 0x7f1202c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f080191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0400fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_device_row = 0x7f0d0064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f070369
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f070368
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f040060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0e0111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f060278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/gradient_000 = 0x7f060072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f070364
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f07005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0404fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/text_size_large = 0x7f07035b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_mask_stroke_no_background = 0x7f070356
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f070276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/sd_label_max_width = 0x7f070353
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/mobile_update_entries = 0x7f030016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f0a026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/preference_seekbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f070351
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/preference_dropdown_padding_start = 0x7f07034e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SwitchPreference = 0x7f14009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1304ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f0602e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_classics_title = 0x7f120187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f1201f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f070213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f07034d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogIcon = 0x7f040184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f07034c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_sunday = 0x7f12031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f060189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/motion_base = 0x7f0a0234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_mask_stroke_with_background = 0x7f070357
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f07034b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_synchronization_logout_toast = 0x7f1202e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f040481
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f07034a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_io_error = 0x7f1200a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f060272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fade = 0x7f0a0196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f070349
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/app_name = 0x7f12002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f070347
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f040474
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f070346
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f070345
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showTitle = 0x7f0403f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f070344
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_episode_download = 0x7f1202c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/floating = 0x7f0a01ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_title = 0x7f120162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f070340
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/enableCopying = 0x7f0401b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0a020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f07033a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/multi_select = 0x7f120226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f040132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f070338
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f080188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f08003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_dispose_center = 0x7f01000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f1201bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f070337
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f070333
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f070301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f04047c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/SYM = 0x7f0a000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f07032e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_background = 0x7f0a027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/suffixText = 0x7f04043d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_size = 0x7f07032a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0d0095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0a0115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f140040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1300df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f07008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f070328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f070320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f130344
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_min_spacing = 0x7f07031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f13042d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mark_read_item = 0x7f0a0206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f07031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_shake_top = 0x7f01001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f040204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral98 = 0x7f0600d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f0702b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0401a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f070314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cursorColor = 0x7f040168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f120012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customDimension = 0x7f04016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f070311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/swipeIcon = 0x7f0a037d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_to = 0x7f120381
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f070214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/thumbnail_length_queue_item = 0x7f070361
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f060190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f0701b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f07030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f0702be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f060314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f07030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f07026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/decrease_speed = 0x7f120081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f0a0258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/add_to_queue_item = 0x7f0a0052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorTertiaryFixedDim = 0x7f040136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f07030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f07030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f070309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_powered_by = 0x7f12033c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f070308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/with_icon = 0x7f0a0412
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f0402b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f070306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f070300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/timeFromSpinner = 0x7f0a03ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1302c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f04003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0404d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f0702fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_badge_max_number = 0x7f0b0012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f0702fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1303c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chooseHostButton = 0x7f0a00c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f04020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0404ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f0702fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f07017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f040510
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f04033f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/autoDeleteDownload = 0x7f0a0068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0702f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0600ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f13033e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f0702f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f0a00ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f06020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0a018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0404b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f07030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0702ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040354
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f0702e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f0801b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f040143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f0702e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_skip = 0x7f080174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/attributeName = 0x7f040042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$ic_animate_play_pause__1 = 0x7f08000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0702e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f040304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f0702e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f060311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_played = 0x7f12024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0702e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_permission_denied = 0x7f12025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeVerticalPadding = 0x7f040064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f1201b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0a01b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f07002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.v21.Theme.SplashScreen = 0x7f13012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f06021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f13007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/section_hidden = 0x7f120347
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0702dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_refresh_title = 0x7f12015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0403e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0600fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0702da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_type_media = 0x7f1200b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e0105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f130355
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f07033c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvLength = 0x7f0a03d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f0702d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_user_action_description = 0x7f12025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playerFragment = 0x7f0a02b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f0702d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f0702c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0600ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$launcher_animate__3 = 0x7f08000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f0702c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f04038d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0702c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscriptions_grid = 0x7f0a0373
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/searchpreference_searchbar = 0x7f0d00df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/message = 0x7f0a0225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f0702c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f0702c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f0402a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f0702c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_favorite_keeps_episodes_title = 0x7f1202ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f060313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0702c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f0702bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f0702b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f07015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f0702b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f0702af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0d00a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f0702a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f0702a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e0132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f0602ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f0702a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogTitle = 0x7f04018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f0702a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeHeight = 0x7f04005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f07029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/move_to_bottom_label = 0x7f1201e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f130028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f04011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f07014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f07029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f070179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f070307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f070297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_color = 0x7f0e001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1300f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0701fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0b0033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0d0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f070365
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_mask_size_with_background = 0x7f070355
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f070296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f0a00d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f07028f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/svg_animatable_pause = 0x7f120392
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_db_access = 0x7f120099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f070362
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f07028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f07028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0d0014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f0a0014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f130359
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f07028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f07010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0d00e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f070287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f04013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f07018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f070285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0602e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f070284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f0403ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/marked_as_unplayed_label = 0x7f1201cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f070283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f1201d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f040115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f070275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f070273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f130243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f07026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f07026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f07026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f1303f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f070269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0403cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_download_failed = 0x7f120126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f070262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_download_dialog_allow_this_time = 0x7f120067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f0400aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f040278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f07025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f070247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f07025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f07025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0404c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f070259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f070255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f070251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f070250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_shuffle_off = 0x7f0800bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shownotes_label = 0x7f12035f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_listitem = 0x7f0d00f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/slide = 0x7f0a0339
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f070246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_type = 0x7f0e001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/timeDisplay = 0x7f0a03ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_filter_past_year = 0x7f120378
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f07023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f07023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f040310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_theme_title_dark = 0x7f1202eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f130377
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_stream_over_download_sum = 0x7f1202e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f070235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0d002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_corner_family = 0x7f0b002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f07028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f070234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f070110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetsync_username_characters_error = 0x7f12017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f07022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls = 0x7f13013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f06030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/useDefaultMargins = 0x7f0404f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07022a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f070227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f040312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f07021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/gridLayout = 0x7f0a01bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f0a0307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f07021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f07021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f040369
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/launcher_animate_wave1 = 0x7f080179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f07021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f070215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/center_vertical = 0x7f0a00b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f070210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f07020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f0801a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f130068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f070128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/removed_from_queue_batch_label = 0x7f110012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f04033c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f07020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f040360
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f070261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom_with_large_font = 0x7f070203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f04046e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_downloads = 0x7f0a0082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f0701f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f0701f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_nav_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0701ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f040189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0701eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_information_material = 0x7f0d00c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/expand_button_title = 0x7f12013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f040128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon_red = 0x7f04024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/config_materialPreferenceIconSpaceReserved = 0x7f050002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f060145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f040226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0701e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_icon_size = 0x7f07009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f0a00fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0701e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/speaker = 0x7f0a0346
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f130432
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f0701e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f070366
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0d0082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f0701e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_elevation = 0x7f0701de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f0a002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_chapters_label = 0x7f120233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/viewpager = 0x7f0a0403
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_inbox_item = 0x7f0a02da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_container_height = 0x7f0701da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040383
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dependency = 0x7f040181
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_width = 0x7f0701d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_podcastindex_label = 0x7f12033b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_thanks_now_favorite = 0x7f1200e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_feed_refresh_dialog_message = 0x7f12006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_sync = 0x7f08013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_shuffle_on = 0x7f0800cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f070331
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f070225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_hide = 0x7f12010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f0701c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f0701c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f04011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral24 = 0x7f0600c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/exo_controls_rewind_by_amount_description = 0x7f110009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/contiguous = 0x7f0a00e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f0701c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f0701c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/mobile_update_values = 0x7f030017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0a0239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/seekBarPreferenceStyle = 0x7f0403da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f07032c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f06015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0404d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f06015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f0701c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f0701bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_snackbar_container_elevation = 0x7f0701bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/choose_data_folder_dialog = 0x7f0d0028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f0701b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/listMode = 0x7f0a01ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_height = 0x7f0701ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f0701a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0d008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f0701a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0600fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f130362
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f0701a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/descriptionLabel = 0x7f0a0104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butRew = 0x7f0a00a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f04047d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e0138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_repeat_toggle = 0x7f0a0180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeSystemCard = 0x7f0a03a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_track_space = 0x7f070194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f04025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f13021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/multi_select = 0x7f0a024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/external_elements = 0x7f120144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mark_played = 0x7f08012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alignmentMode = 0x7f04002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0d0008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f070189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f1303b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0701fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f08005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_icon_button_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f08019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1303a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_pref_details = 0x7f1200b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f040079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/html_export_label = 0x7f120195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_volume_adaption = 0x7f08016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1304a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_web = 0x7f08016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07024d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f0600b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f07016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_height = 0x7f07016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f07016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0404cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f0700d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_side_sheet_margin_detached = 0x7f070217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f0a0300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral87 = 0x7f06012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f07015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0e0176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/alertTitle = 0x7f0a0053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/largeFontVerticalOffsetAdjustment = 0x7f040288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f07014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickRadiusActive = 0x7f0404bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/gradient_075 = 0x7f060074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spType = 0x7f0a0343
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction2Icon = 0x7f0a0094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f04040e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feed_pref_skip_dialog = 0x7f0d0052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f0702bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_sum = 0x7f1202c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cancel_button = 0x7f0a00af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f07013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f07013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ignore = 0x7f0a01d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_previous_button = 0x7f0403fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_container_height = 0x7f070138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f0404fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_container_height = 0x7f070137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_width = 0x7f070136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSecondaryFixedDim = 0x7f040126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f070135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e0108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/played_ad_marker_color = 0x7f040398
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/height = 0x7f04022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f04009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f07012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/seekBar = 0x7f0a030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f1303f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f0801af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f040109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f0400ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f07012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f07012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/echo_queue_hours_waiting = 0x7f110005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f08005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/barLength = 0x7f040075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_max = 0x7f070123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_gone_size = 0x7f070121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_settings = 0x7f080157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1300f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f07011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f130046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0404f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_disabled_z = 0x7f070116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_fullscreen_exit = 0x7f0800b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f140002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f0701bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0d0038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f070115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f040478
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/fade_out = 0x7f01002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_icon_padding_bottom = 0x7f07009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1304a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f07010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f07010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f0702ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0c0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butFF = 0x7f0a0099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f07010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f060093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f070106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/thumbnail_length_itemlist = 0x7f07035f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0a0108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f040098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f0701be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/followAudioCheckbox = 0x7f0a01b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/normal = 0x7f0a0266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/labelSkipIntro = 0x7f0a01f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_circular_play = 0x7f0800af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f0701a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f070102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f060214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/adjustable = 0x7f04002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f06024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0700fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0602f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_sync_error = 0x7f120257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/use_controller = 0x7f0404fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_rounded_rectangle = 0x7f0800d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0700f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/episode_cleanup_entries = 0x7f030008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f0702cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0700f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0404ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0700f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f07004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0700f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_chapter_next = 0x7f0800ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f1301f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f060022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f06004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0700ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0d00e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/text_size_micro = 0x7f07035c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f0a001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f1400a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowSplashScreenBackground = 0x7f040518
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f0700eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_finish = 0x7f0d0066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0801c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0a0387
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_offset = 0x7f0700ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f14002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/layout = 0x7f0a01f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f13034f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_repeat_all = 0x7f0800b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f060151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0700e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_size = 0x7f0700e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_shake_right = 0x7f010019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0700e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0a0335
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/launcher_animate = 0x7f080177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f070281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f04028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f04045b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_next_button = 0x7f0403fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_grow = 0x7f0700e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f0700d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_min_edge_gap = 0x7f0700e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_max_translation_y = 0x7f0700e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0700da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f0700d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f140006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0402fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f0700d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f040147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f060232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f0700d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f0700cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_auto_download_report = 0x7f0a0267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fixed_height = 0x7f0a01ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0701e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0e000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_threeline_verticalpadding = 0x7f0700ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f0a0289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/echoButton = 0x7f0a0131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f070219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f070290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_threeline_textleftpadding = 0x7f0700cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_iconwithtext_textleftpadding = 0x7f0700cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_iconwithtext_height = 0x7f0700ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0401ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f060308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_icon_leftpadding = 0x7f0700c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f040511
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f0700c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f080192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1302f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_forward = 0x7f0800a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f070188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f0700c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/compat_splash_screen = 0x7f080094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f13003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_filter_white = 0x7f08011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0600eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f1301a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorTrackGapSize = 0x7f040258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f13002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f070294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_playback_time_respects_speed_title = 0x7f1202d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f040158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_card = 0x7f0a0070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_touch_target_height = 0x7f0700b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/simple_echo_screen = 0x7f0d00e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f04027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0600f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0402c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f0700be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f07008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/floating_select_menu_height = 0x7f0700bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/goIcon = 0x7f040228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f0700bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0d007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0d009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/network_security_config = 0x7f150004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_layout_height = 0x7f0700b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeTextAppearance = 0x7f040062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_enabled_thumb_size = 0x7f0700b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f1303cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_dragged_thumb_size = 0x7f0700b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f04033e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_minimal_controls_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/TOP_END = 0x7f0a000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_small_icon_padding_vertical = 0x7f0700ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0b001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f06022b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0700df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral98 = 0x7f060134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0b002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f0402a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_small_icon_height = 0x7f0700a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_offset = 0x7f0700a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d0072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0702ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1300d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_main_text_size = 0x7f0700a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f130124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f06008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_media_button_height = 0x7f0700a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_error_message_text_padding_vertical = 0x7f070099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/swipeDirectionLabel = 0x7f0a037c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_service_notification = 0x7f0a02a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f0401b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_right = 0x7f010039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_error_message_text_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f130492
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f0601cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f070090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f070223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f07013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0402d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/time_hours_quantified = 0x7f110014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f070083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrollbar_thumb = 0x7f0403cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_bottom_bar_height = 0x7f0700ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f040364
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f1201c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f07002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f070081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f07007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0c000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_wrapper = 0x7f0a0074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0404d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0701f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0702d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodes_sort = 0x7f0a014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f070073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_http_data_error = 0x7f12009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f070072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f040313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exclude_episodes_shorter_than = 0x7f120107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f070070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f07006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscription_num_columns = 0x7f12038a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/audioplayerFragment = 0x7f0a0063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/about_pref = 0x7f12001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/widget_margin = 0x7f07036b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f06025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/default_gap = 0x7f070062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f1201bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f080182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f0400a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed = 0x7f060210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_container_width = 0x7f0701b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/listitem_threeline_textrightpadding = 0x7f0700cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f12021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_export_log_dialog_message = 0x7f120065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f0602ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_badge_offset = 0x7f0700e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_counter_unplayed = 0x7f1200c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f070061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_video_player = 0x7f0a02a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f07005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f0702d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f140076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f0601ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f07005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0402c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/multi_feed_common_tags_info = 0x7f120225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/car_app_library_version = 0x7f120053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0400f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse_disabled = 0x7f0602c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_check = 0x7f08009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070329
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_play_description = 0x7f120114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_size = 0x7f07027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_unpauseOnHeadsetReconnect_title = 0x7f1202f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f060312
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvRev = 0x7f0a03e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/audioplayer_playercontrols_length = 0x7f070053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/columnOrderPreserved = 0x7f040138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_history_label = 0x7f120238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_progress_bar_height = 0x7f0700b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f040198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0a0383
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f13039a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f040488
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f07004e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f120204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPosition = 0x7f0a03dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/deselect_all_label = 0x7f120087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_tag = 0x7f08016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f07004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon_yellow = 0x7f04024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover_hide = 0x7f12008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/on = 0x7f0a0276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f14002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/notification_material_background_media_default_color = 0x7f06030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_label = 0x7f12037b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f070043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f070042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/subscriptions = 0x7f0f001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f07003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f07003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f07003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f14000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f07003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f0a0303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear = 0x7f0a00cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f0702b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_playlist_remove = 0x7f08014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f13025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_show_subscription_title = 0x7f1202e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f04050a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/unknown_media_key = 0x7f1203c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f06012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/authentication_dialog = 0x7f0d0022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f07002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f130031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0700f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f07002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f07010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/useGlobalCheckbox = 0x7f0a03f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f040157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f07002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/exo_player_control_rewind_button = 0x7f0d0048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ad_marker_width = 0x7f040028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f04018f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f070212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_color = 0x7f0e0165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f07001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f07001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_new_episodes_action_sum = 0x7f1202ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/enable_system_foreground_service_default = 0x7f050004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f07001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f07001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0403b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_pausePlaybackForFocusLoss_title = 0x7f1202d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f07000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1300ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_position = 0x7f0a017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f07000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f07000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_black_opacity_70 = 0x7f060068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f130414
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f0400b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0a02e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_dropdown_material = 0x7f0d00c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f07029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_stop_description = 0x7f120120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f04038b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/currentSpeedLabel = 0x7f0a00f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e0032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0b0025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/white = 0x7f060328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f060327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f060322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f07013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f06010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f010030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f13015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_paused = 0x7f12024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/seek_background_light = 0x7f06031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1300d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/seek_background_dark = 0x7f06031e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/enqueue_location_options = 0x7f030004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f06031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/parent = 0x7f0a0292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f060318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/country_text_input = 0x7f0a00ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f13023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f04015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f0702b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/html = 0x7f120194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_size = 0x7f070358
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0404e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preference_search_clear_history = 0x7f1202f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0801a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f040407
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mark_read_label = 0x7f1201c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0801c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f06008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f0401bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f060307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f0a0245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0d00b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f060305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon = 0x7f040241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_heartbeat_left = 0x7f010013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/please_wait_for_data = 0x7f120283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1304a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f0602fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f040502
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f080034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/filter = 0x7f12016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f0602fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_card = 0x7f0a02ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0602fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0602fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040382
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f070252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f0702a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0602f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f07014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/close_label = 0x7f120063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0602f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f04039d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f0602f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f0701f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f04023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0602f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f13015d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0403e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f0702a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrubber_color = 0x7f0403d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_decline = 0x7f0800fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f0701d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f1301a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/proxy_port_invalid_error = 0x7f120301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/edit_text_dialog = 0x7f0d0040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04049a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickRadiusInactive = 0x7f0404bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f0602cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/src_atop = 0x7f0a0351
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04049f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f0602de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/automatic_database_export_summary = 0x7f12003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/searchpreference_ic_arrow_right = 0x7f0801ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f0602dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f0602db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_finish_descr = 0x7f120179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1300fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f0602d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f0602d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0602d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_tags_summary = 0x7f120161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0602cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f0602ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0602c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy.Label = 0x7f13044a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_delete_playback_sum = 0x7f120287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f120102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_primary_inverse_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/info = 0x7f0a01e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f13028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/default_page_titles = 0x7f030002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f06020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableBottom = 0x7f04006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e00f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse = 0x7f0602c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse_disable_only = 0x7f0602c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f120008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_dim = 0x7f0602ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/refresh_complete_item = 0x7f0a02d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container = 0x7f0602b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_bright = 0x7f0602b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_bar = 0x7f0a02fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f06028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f0602b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_notification_summary = 0x7f1200ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/image = 0x7f0a01d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/createDeviceButton = 0x7f0a00f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f040050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f0602af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f0a0256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text = 0x7f0602ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/export_error_label = 0x7f12013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f0602ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f130209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/nextcloud_login_error_generic = 0x7f12022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f0602ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f0602aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040343
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f04027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f07022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_outline_variant = 0x7f0602a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f0602eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f0602a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f0602a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f0602a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f1303b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0d00a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/descriptionContainer = 0x7f0a0102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/showTitle = 0x7f0a032f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f040063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f0602a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f07032f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f06029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0700f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f06029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/touch_target_height = 0x7f0404de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f13010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f06029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_control_normal = 0x7f060299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/queue_locked = 0x7f120308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_pause_alpha = 0x7f0a03c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0402c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f04042c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f060160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_control_activated = 0x7f060297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_forbidden = 0x7f12009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0801b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f1304b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f060296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/SHIFT = 0x7f0a0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f1303bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text_inverse = 0x7f060295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f1301a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text = 0x7f060294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textClearHistory = 0x7f040494
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f060293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0403b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f060290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_container_elevation = 0x7f0701d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_reduction_light = 0x7f12016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/main_content_view = 0x7f0a0204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f060217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f070163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f0601b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f040099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f130228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_leading_space = 0x7f0701b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f07011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/one = 0x7f0a0277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0a020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f04023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f0702df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f060287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f130389
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f1201e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f130101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_playback_speed = 0x7f080172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/targetId = 0x7f04046a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f060286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f040096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f060284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f060283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f060281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/widget_config_background = 0x7f0a040c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/episodes = 0x7f0f0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0404b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/select_all_above = 0x7f120349
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/checkbox_do_not_show_again = 0x7f12005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvUpdatesDisabled = 0x7f0a03e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/player_widget_info = 0x7f150005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_display_list = 0x7f0a036b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/zoom = 0x7f0a0417
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f04019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0702d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f13020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f120201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_speed = 0x7f0800ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/load_complete_feed = 0x7f1201b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_fullscreen_exit = 0x7f0800a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f120213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f07005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f13019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f060270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f06026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f060269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f060268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f0404bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/durationTotal = 0x7f0a012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_emoji_clean = 0x7f1200d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f06005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_height = 0x7f0701b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_emoji_cabinet = 0x7f1200ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preset_already_exists = 0x7f1202f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f130173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f0601ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_player_activity = 0x7f0a02a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f06025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f040052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/discover_more = 0x7f0a011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f07015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spread_inside = 0x7f0a034f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f070334
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f04038e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f07001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f1201da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f060258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarHeight = 0x7f04031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0e010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f060254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_pause = 0x7f0a0178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction2Text = 0x7f0a0095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_columnWeight = 0x7f040296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f04046d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f06024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f0a0013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f06024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/filename = 0x7f12016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f060247
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f0a0043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f060260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f130032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f060246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0404eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f060244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f060240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/search_fragment = 0x7f0d00da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f06023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_text_height = 0x7f0700a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f070335
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f060241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/playback_speed_feed_setting_dialog = 0x7f0d00bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error = 0x7f060236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/term = 0x7f0a038f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f130434
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/echoProgressImage = 0x7f0a0133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f06011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f060235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_height = 0x7f0700a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f0602be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/toggle_played_label = 0x7f1203b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWithTextWidth = 0x7f04006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f040496
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f06019e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f04041e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f080053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_time_input_stroke_color = 0x7f06022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_sub_text_size = 0x7f0700a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_timeout = 0x7f040401
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0600aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f1301f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f060224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_color = 0x7f0e0113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f040471
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SearchPreference = 0x7f14008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f060288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f06026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_shape = 0x7f0e0114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f060222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0e004b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_order_alphabetical = 0x7f1200c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/choose_data_directory_message = 0x7f12005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f060220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_scrim_container_opacity = 0x7f07019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0700ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f1303cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f06021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f060219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f0602ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/special_thanks = 0x7f12036b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f120217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_control_highlight = 0x7f060298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f060216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f04015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceContainer = 0x7f04012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed = 0x7f060212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_powered_by = 0x7f0a0305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/contibuteButton = 0x7f0a00e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f0602f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0600fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f06020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/support_funding_label = 0x7f120390
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/horizontal_itemlist_item = 0x7f0d006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f070195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f060209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f060205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_color = 0x7f0e0170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f060204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f0600a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f07017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/downloads_pref = 0x7f1200bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearance = 0x7f040069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f060203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f040421
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container = 0x7f060201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f0601fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/size = 0x7f0a0333
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_comment_easy = 0x7f1200dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_queue_title_clean = 0x7f1200e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f04048f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f040119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/deselect_all_item = 0x7f0a0106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1302db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f0601ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/title_template = 0x7f0a03b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f0601ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transcript_list = 0x7f0a03bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040350
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_from_favorites_item = 0x7f0a02d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/groups = 0x7f0a01c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/number = 0x7f04036c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1302e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ExoStyledControls.Button.Bottom.PlaybackSpeed = 0x7f130146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f0601e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_icon_horizontal_margin = 0x7f07009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f040190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f07033d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/share_position_checkbox = 0x7f0a0327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/copy_url_item = 0x7f0a00e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0404b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onHide = 0x7f040370
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f0602ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0702f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1300b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_check = 0x7f080103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f04026a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0d00a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f0a024c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/webvDescription = 0x7f0a0407
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f130435
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f07023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f08003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0404ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/fragment_transition_duration = 0x7f0b0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvLink = 0x7f0a03d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f0601d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070190
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/errorRetryButton = 0x7f0a0150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackInsideCornerSize = 0x7f0404e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f0601cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/previewContainer = 0x7f0a02bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f080064
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvSeek = 0x7f0a03e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1300b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0e010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0404e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f07005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error = 0x7f0601c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/non_square_icon_background = 0x7f06030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_downloaded_episodes_label = 0x7f120182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f0601c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error = 0x7f0601bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f040205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spread = 0x7f0a034e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f0601b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f07003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_all_episodes_head_label = 0x7f120231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f1303e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f0601b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f0402bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/date = 0x7f12007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f0404af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f130293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f070204
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0702f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f040263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container = 0x7f0601b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f0601b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0a033c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f0403b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_divider = 0x7f0a0280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0404ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f0601af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f0601ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f14003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarStyle = 0x7f04031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shownotes_contentdescription = 0x7f12035e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f070305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f0601a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_color = 0x7f0e016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/useSimpleSummaryProvider = 0x7f0404fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/icon = 0x7f0a01d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etHost = 0x7f0a0152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0600f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f0601a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top_with_large_font = 0x7f070205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f0601a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f0601a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f0a003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040342
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/clear_playback_history_msg = 0x7f12005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f060187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f060303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingStartSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040380
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0a01e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error = 0x7f060199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0600b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f0404b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Shape = 0x7f1301ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f07029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f060195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f060192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f040262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040231
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f060191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_pause_video_white = 0x7f080143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0b001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0a01a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_saturday = 0x7f12031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f04043f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/bottom_navigation_more_listitem = 0x7f0d0025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/reset_position = 0x7f0a02e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f12003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f06017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0d007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f06017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f13032e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f080195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant98 = 0x7f0600e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f14003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f06017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f08005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f08005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1300a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f04016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/enable_swipeactions = 0x7f1200ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cover_fragment_text_container = 0x7f0a00ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f130034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060179
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f06020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationDrawer.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f1301b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f04019b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_log_details_message = 0x7f1200af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f12001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0a0413
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f060169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHigh = 0x7f04012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_thumb_color_legacy = 0x7f060173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f04048b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1300db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottom_navigation = 0x7f12003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/themeSystemRadio = 0x7f0a03a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_halo_color_legacy = 0x7f06016f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f06016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f140066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f060168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f060167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f060164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/audio_tracks = 0x7f0a0062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f060163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_sync_error_description = 0x7f120258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f13011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f06018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0402fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscriptions_filter = 0x7f0a0372
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f060162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/copy_url_label = 0x7f120077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/carColorYellow = 0x7f060036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/secondaryActionIcon = 0x7f0a030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/overlay = 0x7f040379
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f06015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0a039e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f070134
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f06015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_download_dialog_message_vpn = 0x7f12006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statistics_reset = 0x7f0a0362
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f040153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f06018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f140051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f060154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f04028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0a03b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f060208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f130411
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0a039f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f060153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f06014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f06014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f04017b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_track = 0x7f0801cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f060146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_mobileUpdate_refresh = 0x7f1202c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:xml/actions = 0x7f150000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/position = 0x7f120285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f060144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0e0152
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f040033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/more_content = 0x7f0a0232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f0701ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f0a002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f07020c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/time_dialog_invalid_input = 0x7f1203b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f040366
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f060143
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_share = 0x7f080159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1303fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f07025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f06013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_subtitle_hoarder = 0x7f1200d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/viewflipper = 0x7f0a0402
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f06013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/stop = 0x7f0a0366
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f0a0020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f06013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f060135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/grey100 = 0x7f060076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f060155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/text_size_small = 0x7f07035e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral96 = 0x7f060133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/nav_drawer_max_screen_size = 0x7f07033e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f060132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f13045f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f070264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_elevation = 0x7f07013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f070126
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f06012b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral6 = 0x7f06012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/delete_downloads_played_confirmation = 0x7f120083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f04029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f140056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f060128
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral4 = 0x7f060127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetsync_pref_report_successful = 0x7f12017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/carColorRed = 0x7f060035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f0402a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f130390
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f060120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/queue_unlocked = 0x7f120309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f06011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f060119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1303ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f0700c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f13036c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_bright = 0x7f060200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f040416
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0701fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f060116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_repeat_one_description = 0x7f120119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butRev = 0x7f0a00a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f060114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f0403c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_cc_enabled_description = 0x7f12010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f060113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f060112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f060111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f06010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f060323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f04050c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f06010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f060266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f07000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_show_remain_time_title = 0x7f1202df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryFixedDim = 0x7f04011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f07027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f06010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_rewind = 0x7f0800d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_episodes_upload = 0x7f120399
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f060104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/includeMarkedCheckbox = 0x7f0a01dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f060194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceFragmentListStyle = 0x7f0403a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f060103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etUsername = 0x7f0a0155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0403e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f07006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f13031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f060102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f060101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f060100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0600ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0600fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0600fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0600f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f08012a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0b0043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f0404c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f060038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0600f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0600f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f04007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0600f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_shuffle_on = 0x7f0800bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f07026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0600f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0600e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_default_corner_size = 0x7f070122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0600f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_not_found = 0x7f1200a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0600ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_listitem_total = 0x7f0d00f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butDecSpeed = 0x7f0a0098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0600e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f0702b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f080180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant87 = 0x7f0600e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f040103
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/edit_text_id = 0x7f0a0138
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f040239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant12 = 0x7f0600d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f060123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_rail_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pressed = 0x7f0a02bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mainLabel = 0x7f0a0203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f04016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f120011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral92 = 0x7f0600cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/gpodnetauth_device = 0x7f0d0063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_proxy_sum = 0x7f1202da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral22 = 0x7f0600c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f04014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral87 = 0x7f0600ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_import_label = 0x7f12026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1300b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f040212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f07008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f120203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkBoxPreferenceStyle = 0x7f0400bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_overflow_hide = 0x7f0800dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant6 = 0x7f0600de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f0a001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_group_errors = 0x7f12025b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f0602d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f06027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1302fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0701f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f040046
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_enqueue_downloaded_summary = 0x7f12029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1304d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_shownotes_label = 0x7f120244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f0600b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_wait_for_downloads = 0x7f12039f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f0702ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/feedlist = 0x7f0a019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f0a0319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_decline_action = 0x7f12004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0a0216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f0600a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f060302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f060159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_heartbeat_center = 0x7f010012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f07015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_row = 0x7f0402ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f06009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_error = 0x7f080114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_fullscreen_enter_description = 0x7f12010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/default_page_values = 0x7f030003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_media_button_width = 0x7f0700a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f130208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f040431
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/contributors_summary = 0x7f120073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f04036b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f13037d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0a0381
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f040085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/globalNewEpisodesActionItems = 0x7f030010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0602ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f06008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f0402b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f06027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f0401a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f06005c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/sort_dialog = 0x7f0d00ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/background_color = 0x7f040059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_subtitle_medium = 0x7f1200d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_settings = 0x7f0800a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f06007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fixed = 0x7f0a01aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f06007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_shuffle_off = 0x7f0800ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f040216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/light_gray = 0x7f06007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sleep_timer_label = 0x7f120367
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_chevron_left = 0x7f0800a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remaining_time = 0x7f120323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f0702b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f040252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f040112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f040055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f140027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0700dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_playback_speed = 0x7f0a02a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f0403bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f06003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_small_icon_width = 0x7f0700ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Variant = 0x7f1400a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_styled_error_message_background = 0x7f06006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0700dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.Category.Material = 0x7f13017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0600ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/nav_drawer_section_tags = 0x7f03001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f040393
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f040487
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f13041f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/rowCount = 0x7f0403c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/asConfigured = 0x7f0a005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral94 = 0x7f060131
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_search = 0x7f120344
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_active_indicator_label_padding = 0x7f0701f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_close_white = 0x7f080108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f060060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f07011a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_queue_hours_much = 0x7f1200e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f040274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f1301d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f0702d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sbPosition = 0x7f0a02ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f0702d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f040139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Slider = 0x7f140091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceFragment.Material = 0x7f130192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/altSrc = 0x7f040036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_error_message_text_size = 0x7f07009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0403cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f060115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f040215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f0402a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f060049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f0402b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f06003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f040047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/main = 0x7f0d0076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f0601aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f04047e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f04032d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0602a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_service_report = 0x7f0a02a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1300ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040178
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0801a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_results_for_query = 0x7f120243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/choose_data_directory = 0x7f12005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_fast_forward = 0x7f080116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_rate = 0x7f12030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f0a023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f06012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f1301d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixed = 0x7f040117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f130363
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f1301f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f04010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f06002a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/black = 0x7f060027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_cancel_all = 0x7f0a029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e0092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f060025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/spnAutoDeleteItems = 0x7f03001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/endToStart = 0x7f0a0141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_elevated_light = 0x7f060021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1300e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f120210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f040154
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_close = 0x7f1200be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f040454
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040337
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/widgetLayout = 0x7f0a040b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1304c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/summary_collapsed_preference_list = 0x7f12038f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f0702cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigation.Badge = 0x7f1303c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f130406
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_active_track_color_legacy = 0x7f06016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f1201cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/enable_system_alarm_service_default = 0x7f050003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f070319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f06014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f04013e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0403d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f040082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f13021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f040104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f07023a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f07012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f0801ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogPreferenceStyle = 0x7f040187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f0401dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/workmanager_test_configuration = 0x7f050007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0a0144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Badge.AdjustToBounds = 0x7f1303be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1300f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f04051b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_selectDevice_explanation = 0x7f1203ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/slide_left_in = 0x7f01003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f04051a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/autoComplete = 0x7f0a0065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f070274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f08005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f0403c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowSplashScreenIconBackgroundColor = 0x7f040519
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_certificate = 0x7f120097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f040515
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f0a0012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_later = 0x7f12030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f04050d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f040508
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f06022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f040056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvType = 0x7f0a03e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f0801a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f04004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f0401a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f040506
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_extra_controls = 0x7f0a016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0402d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f0a001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/warmth = 0x7f040505
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f0400b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_next = 0x7f0800b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/GridLayout = 0x7f140042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f040209
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f040476
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f040500
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f040329
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/use_artwork = 0x7f0404fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_subscriptions_black = 0x7f080169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f080026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f040200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$bg_message_error__0 = 0x7f080006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f060023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f130416
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/updatesContinuously = 0x7f0404f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f0702de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f060319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/recycler_view = 0x7f0a02d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/unplayed_color = 0x7f0404f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_answer = 0x7f0800f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/mobile_update_default_value = 0x7f030015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0602f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f1301fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0404f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0700f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f070092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0401c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0404ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f040413
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_appearance = 0x7f0800f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0404e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cut = 0x7f0a00f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/kept_updated = 0x7f1201aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f0602ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0401c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f060078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0d0016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0404d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/automatic_database_export_error = 0x7f120038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f130378
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_downloading = 0x7f120251
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/bug_report = 0x7f0d0026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f070313
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f0404db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f07011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f04050e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_include_marked = 0x7f12037a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f060264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mark_unread_label_no_media = 0x7f1201ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f0402a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hoarder_comment_medium = 0x7f1200cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.TrueBlack = 0x7f13027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f040173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f06025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0404d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f07031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant22 = 0x7f0600d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f070330
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showMarker = 0x7f0403f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0404c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0801ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f07029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/wrap = 0x7f0a0414
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f130325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f13030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f04033a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0404c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f060161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0404c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_blocked = 0x7f120096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tint = 0x7f0404bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f12020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/nav_drawer_feed_order_values = 0x7f03001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f04009d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f06005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f040489
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0404ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040276
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f13044b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickColor = 0x7f0404b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/downloading_batch_label = 0x7f110002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_x_distance = 0x7f0700de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f1400ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbTrackGapSize = 0x7f0404b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textHint = 0x7f040498
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_black_theme_title = 0x7f120295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/widget_inner_radius = 0x7f07036a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f1400a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/secondaryActionButton = 0x7f0a030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f0601cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f0403e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_button = 0x7f0a02fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f070367
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f040191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/round = 0x7f0403c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f070105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f06016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f0404ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbIconSize = 0x7f0404aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant24 = 0x7f0600d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f0404cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f0602bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f0404a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thickness = 0x7f0404a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_repeat_all = 0x7f0800e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0404a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/edit_tags_dialog = 0x7f0d003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textLocale = 0x7f0404a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/episode_title = 0x7f120100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/off = 0x7f0a0275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/elastic = 0x7f0a0139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchTextOff = 0x7f04044b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f130030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0404a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/isPreferenceVisible = 0x7f040260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f040148
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f0404cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/audioplayer_playercontrols_length_big = 0x7f070054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f070291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rename_feed_label = 0x7f12032f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f04049b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f0a0038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/cancel_label = 0x7f120052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f040259
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f040499
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/entryValues = 0x7f0401c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f040497
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/orientation = 0x7f040377
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f0404c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040495
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f040492
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0401d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_label = 0x7f120355
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/notification_playing = 0x7f0a0270
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keycode_media_fast_forward = 0x7f1201ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f0400a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_small_icon_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0700aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorError = 0x7f040102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f0402b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0a0212
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080052
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f06009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f040490
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f060094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/open_bug_tracker = 0x7f120264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/about_teaser = 0x7f0d001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f040234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/next_chapter = 0x7f12022d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f0a0067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f04048a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/call_notification_ongoing_text = 0x7f12004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f040308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/download_log_fragment = 0x7f0d003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f1303aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f0a0287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbHeight = 0x7f0404a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_type = 0x7f0e016c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040486
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/texture_view = 0x7f0a03a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070079
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f040480
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f040365
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f130244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f0601ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.Information = 0x7f130185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040333
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1303f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f04047f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f0702b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f04048e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_label_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070206
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f070343
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral22 = 0x7f060124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f040300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f040320
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f04047a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_type_subscription_grid_without_title = 0x7f0a0400
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040355
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f0404ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f04007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1303a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/searchpreference_list_item_history = 0x7f0d00dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f040477
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f130216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_add = 0x7f0800ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f040473
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference = 0x7f0d00c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fallbackTitleLabel = 0x7f0a0197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0402cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f070332
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f1400a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0a0217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f130280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_check = 0x7f0800d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0403ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f040472
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f040470
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/widget_opacity_seekBar = 0x7f0a040e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f13049b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f04046c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_shrink = 0x7f0700e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f130261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_text_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/cancel_download_label = 0x7f120051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/triangle = 0x7f0a03c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f07027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f0701f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f040363
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f040465
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f08019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/nav_drawer_feed_order_options = 0x7f03001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f0a0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f07007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f040462
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f04043a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f0402ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f04045f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f040195
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/right_side = 0x7f0a02e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butSkip = 0x7f0a00a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f04045a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0b0000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0a0415
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/globalNewEpisodesActionValues = 0x7f030011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0702aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/content_limit_place_list = 0x7f0b0009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/emptyViewIcon = 0x7f0a013c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f06027e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f040035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f040456
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/state_deleted_not_subscribed = 0x7f12036d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f130248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_icon_fastforward = 0x7f0800b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/player_switch_to_audio_only = 0x7f120281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_refresh_black = 0x7f08014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/discover_grid = 0x7f0a0119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f060090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f04044e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchTextOn = 0x7f04044c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f04044a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04049e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f040449
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_thumb_pressed_light = 0x7f0801cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mockEpisode = 0x7f0a0229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f040446
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/summaryOff = 0x7f040442
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040440
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f13010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/reorder_dialog_entry = 0x7f0d00d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f0801ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subtitle = 0x7f040438
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/change_setting = 0x7f120054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f06025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f130425
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_show_up_center = 0x7f01001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f130264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f04027d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/filled = 0x7f0a019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f040437
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f040430
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/report_drawn = 0x7f0a02de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.TrueBlack.Translucent = 0x7f130274
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f070302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f04042e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f060071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f04042d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f040386
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/webview = 0x7f0a0408
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0701e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0a03b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f080187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f04046f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f0402ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f040422
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_log_downloads_head_label = 0x7f12023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1301e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f040439
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130357
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0801b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/staggered = 0x7f04041c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f040419
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f040417
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_color = 0x7f0e0173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f040156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/subscriptions_label = 0x7f12038c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/gradient_025 = 0x7f060073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/spanCount = 0x7f040414
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f13039f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f0404d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/episode_cache_size_entries = 0x7f030006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f040412
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f13010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_search = 0x7f0a0048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/button_action_options = 0x7f030000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04040b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_minimal_controls = 0x7f0a0172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f0801ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f130035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f04037c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/downloads_left = 0x7f110003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconTint = 0x7f040248
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f040406
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040405
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$ic_animate_pause_play__0 = 0x7f080008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shutter_background_color = 0x7f040404
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_reset_data_msg = 0x7f12037f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f040403
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0e00c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_daily = 0x7f120318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableWidth = 0x7f040074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fixed_width = 0x7f0a01ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f040299
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant17 = 0x7f0600d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/values = 0x7f0404ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_started_talkback = 0x7f1200b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/remove_feed = 0x7f0a02d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_fastforward_button = 0x7f0403fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/decelerate = 0x7f0a00fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/time_hours = 0x7f1203b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f1201d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_rewind_button = 0x7f0403fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f0400b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_buffering = 0x7f0403fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f040193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f0a024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f0702fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1302e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showText = 0x7f0403f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0402c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/downloads_pref_sum = 0x7f1200bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f08003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f070139
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_height = 0x7f0701dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shouldDisableView = 0x7f0403ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f0404dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f0700c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_color = 0x7f0e0022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_online = 0x7f120339
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f080130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/preference_list_fragment = 0x7f0d00c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0403ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f0a023d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_running = 0x7f1200b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f130391
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0403e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_log_title_unknown = 0x7f1200b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f04023b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f0403e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f0400a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0b003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0403e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f070295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f060249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0a03a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f130109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0403df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f040217
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f040285
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0403de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f04008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/seek_background = 0x7f0403dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f1201b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f040426
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f0801b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f130051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f0404ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f040348
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fit = 0x7f0a01a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f13042e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f13012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f0700ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0403cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/export_logcat = 0x7f0a0191
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground = 0x7f0602c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_basic_controls = 0x7f0a0160
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f06021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/rowOrderPreserved = 0x7f0403c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f1303e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f040281
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f0403c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070200
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/resize_mode = 0x7f0403c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/repeat_toggle_modes = 0x7f0403c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040352
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f040469
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/newTagTextInput = 0x7f0a0260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f070216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f070315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_export_label = 0x7f120269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f070336
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f140029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f0403bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ProgressBarLight = 0x7f13019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f04041d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shake_to_reset_label = 0x7f12034f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f040434
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/echo_hours_podcasts = 0x7f110004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f040408
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f0403bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f040249
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f0404da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f040410
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f0403b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f0702cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f0a0010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f010037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f06014c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_encryption_warning = 0x7f120176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0d0005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/passwordEditText = 0x7f0a0296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dragview_background = 0x7f040199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f0403b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f040068
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0a02c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f06005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f06029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f120014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1300ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/hoursLabel = 0x7f0a01d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0403b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f0a0045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f04048c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f13034e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0600f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0b0018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f080055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/progressBarTheme = 0x7f0403b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0403b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f0403ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etxtPassword = 0x7f0a0156
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/orderingFromXml = 0x7f040376
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f13042f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_is_favorite_label = 0x7f120183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceTheme = 0x7f0403ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f070256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_settings_icon_size = 0x7f0700a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/prev_chapter = 0x7f1202f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/multi_select_mark_unplayed_confirmation = 0x7f120228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceStyle = 0x7f0403aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_info = 0x7f080123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceInformationStyle = 0x7f0403a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_no_results = 0x7f120343
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceFragmentStyle = 0x7f0403a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130332
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f07031a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceFragmentCompatStyle = 0x7f0403a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceCategoryTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0403a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0b0036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_ic_fullscreen_enter = 0x7f0800a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceCategoryStyle = 0x7f0403a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferVertical = 0x7f0403a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferHorizontal = 0x7f0403a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/foregroundColor = 0x7f040222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f1201d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f07023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0402c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_play_48dp = 0x7f080146
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/played_color = 0x7f040399
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f040396
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expanded = 0x7f0401d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f130041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f040395
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/persistent = 0x7f040392
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrubber_drawable = 0x7f0403d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f040391
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feeditem_pager_fragment = 0x7f0d0058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f04011b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/collapsing_toolbar = 0x7f0a00d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f060233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feedsettings = 0x7f0d005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f06003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f060198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sliding_tabs = 0x7f0a033a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/preferenceScreenStyle = 0x7f0403a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f13004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f040201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0600ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f040297
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f07006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/path_percent = 0x7f04038c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f060082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f06021c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0d002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0d0081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/content_limit_list = 0x7f0b0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0b0027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f04010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f04025c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/parallax = 0x7f0a0291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/media_actions = 0x7f0a0223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f07025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f06013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f0801d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f040381
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/surface_type = 0x7f040444
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04037e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f070080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/proxy_settings = 0x7f0d00d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral12 = 0x7f0600bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04037d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f040196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ProgressBarDark = 0x7f130199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f070237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f130423
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04037b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/list_vertical_padding = 0x7f0700c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_repeat_all = 0x7f0800c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f06017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_main_text = 0x7f0a0171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cancel_action = 0x7f0a00ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f04037a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/order = 0x7f040375
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f060202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f040374
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f0402b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/onShow = 0x7f040373
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/feedNewEpisodesActionItems = 0x7f03000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_star_border = 0x7f080165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0403ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/offsetAlignmentMode = 0x7f04036e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f04036d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_vr_description = 0x7f120122
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f13025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_error = 0x7f040428
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f08019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search = 0x7f0a02f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070069
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f0402d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f140090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e0037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/preference_search_hint = 0x7f1202f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040361
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchPreferenceStyle = 0x7f040448
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_release_schedule = 0x7f12037d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f040358
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f040182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f040351
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_pill_translucent = 0x7f08008b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04034d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_error_message = 0x7f0a016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/spinBars = 0x7f040415
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remember_last_page = 0x7f120324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f06005b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f04034e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0801a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f06025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f070224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f06011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableTop = 0x7f040073
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04034b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f070129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f040065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f040378
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f04048d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f070107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f040314
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f040145
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f040101
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f04042a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/feeditem_options = 0x7f0f0007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f060147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f040340
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/home_section_titles = 0x7f030013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rounded = 0x7f0a02e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0700fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f060087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f060037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_white_opacity_70 = 0x7f06006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f070254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f04021a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f1301b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04033b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butAction1 = 0x7f0a0090
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_thickness = 0x7f070196
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f0702c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0404f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f040338
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/is_played = 0x7f1201a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f060117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_friday = 0x7f120319
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_error_message_height = 0x7f070096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040336
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/src_over = 0x7f0a0353
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f0402d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1300ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/player_layout_id = 0x7f04039a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f120004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/min = 0x7f04032f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04032e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/image_readability_tint = 0x7f06007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f1301a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f060300
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0402f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04032b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/spherical_gl_surface_view = 0x7f0a0349
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/spnVolumeAdaptationItems = 0x7f030021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/PreferenceThemeOverlay.v14.Material = 0x7f130198
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f040227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040327
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040323
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0a0395
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/statistics_listitem_barchart = 0x7f0d00f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f0a0202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f130045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f04030d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f06001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_bottom = 0x7f070257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1302c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f070318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f040420
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/progbarCreateDevice = 0x7f0a02c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0b000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textNoResults = 0x7f0404a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f04031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/arcMode = 0x7f04003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f0701b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_column = 0x7f040294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixed = 0x7f040110
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/statistics_filter = 0x7f0a0360
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f0700d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_icon_text_size = 0x7f07009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f04000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f040483
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f070108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_url_label = 0x7f120358
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f040318
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f040311
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f040261
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxNumber = 0x7f040328
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/spnVolumeAdaptationValues = 0x7f030022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f120042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/positiveButtonText = 0x7f04039f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f04030f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keycode_media_previous = 0x7f1201ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f0601ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLow = 0x7f04012d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f1303e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_media_custom = 0x7f0d00b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f0a0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f04030a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f040305
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/opml_add_podcast_label = 0x7f120268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f04023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackStopIndicatorSize = 0x7f0404e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_parser_exception = 0x7f1200a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/rename_item = 0x7f0a02dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodeSchedule = 0x7f0a0147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrubber_disabled_size = 0x7f0403d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f040302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f040301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f06029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f0404e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/documentation_support = 0x7f120093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f040455
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_subscriptions_label = 0x7f120246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.v27.Theme.SplashScreen.Light = 0x7f130132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_search_view_header_container = 0x7f0a0283
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f06026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0402fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0700db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0402fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040220
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_shortcut_subscriptions = 0x7f08015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f060044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playButton = 0x7f0a02ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_queue_hours_normal = 0x7f1200e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0702e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f040053
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f04037f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/current_playing_episode = 0x7f120078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f040429
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_skip_48dp = 0x7f080161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/toggle = 0x7f0a03b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0402f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0402f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/hosts_allowlist_sample = 0x7f030014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_repeat_all_description = 0x7f120117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/singleLine = 0x7f04040c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_lines_media = 0x7f0d00b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f07004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f04029a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0402f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/searchpreference_ic_clear = 0x7f0801cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0402ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/line3 = 0x7f0a01fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0a0396
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/logo = 0x7f0402ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070282
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f0403e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f0402ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/keep_sorted = 0x7f1201a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_vr = 0x7f0800eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040334
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_right = 0x7f01003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f12021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_light = 0x7f060024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f040293
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_new_episodes_action_add_to_inbox = 0x7f120158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_podcast_by_url_hint = 0x7f12001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/random = 0x7f12030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0402da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/select_all_below = 0x7f12034a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0402d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_emoji_yoga = 0x7f1200de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0402d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/synchronization_nextcloud_authenticate_browser = 0x7f1203a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f04021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f070119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_enqueue_downloaded_title = 0x7f12029d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DialogPreference = 0x7f13017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_fast_rewind_video_white = 0x7f080119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f0402d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/slide_left_out = 0x7f010040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f120015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrubber_enabled_size = 0x7f0403d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e00fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f040317
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/skipSilenceFeed = 0x7f0a0337
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/swipeactions_label = 0x7f120396
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f0a021d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_rowWeight = 0x7f0402d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f06008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dragScale = 0x7f040197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0402cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f14009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f130029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f08002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/async = 0x7f0a0060
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/artwork_display_mode = 0x7f040041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f0701b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f1301dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_listened_after_emoji_run = 0x7f1200dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f07007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e00eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mediaFileCardCard = 0x7f0a0222
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_gravity = 0x7f0402ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_debug_keyline_width = 0x7f07011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/constraints = 0x7f04013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/arc = 0x7f0a005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0402c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0402c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0402c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notification_sync_error = 0x7f08013f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accelerate = 0x7f0a000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant92 = 0x7f0600e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0402c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_type_subscription_list = 0x7f0a0401
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0402c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f0402be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0404ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f0402bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_error_message_background_color = 0x7f06006b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f080036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/linear = 0x7f0a01fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f0402bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/external_player_height = 0x7f0700b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral4 = 0x7f0600c3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1302b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f0402b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f120142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f0402b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f07028a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_questionmark = 0x7f08014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1303ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f0700d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f060242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_settings_description = 0x7f12011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f06007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f130308
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0a0246
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_subscriptions = 0x7f0a008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f0402ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/no_media_label = 0x7f120241
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f0402ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_mask_size_no_background = 0x7f070354
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/project_pref = 0x7f1202fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f0602cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database_export_summary = 0x7f12007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f0400b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0b0001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f0a0021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130452
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f070303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/balloon_layout_overlay = 0x7f0d0024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f04043b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvEpisodeTitle = 0x7f0a03cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f1303b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f0402aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/summary = 0x7f040441
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f0402a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f040213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f0402a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f04044d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carColorSecondary = 0x7f0400ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0702fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f14005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f0402a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0404f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d0097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f0402a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0700fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1304cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_repeat_off_description = 0x7f120118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f14001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f130294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f11000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f120104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f140077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/edit_url_menu = 0x7f1200ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f04029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f040123
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040384
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f060056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_play = 0x7f080171
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f130098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f04029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvTapForDetails = 0x7f0a03e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f130054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableEnd = 0x7f04006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f070109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_monthly = 0x7f12031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f120385
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/delete_downloads_played = 0x7f120082
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_color = 0x7f06007f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f040292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_shuffle_off_description = 0x7f12011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f070316
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carPermissionActivityLayout = 0x7f0400b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f06028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_cloud = 0x7f080109
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f040475
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f04008e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040057
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f04014d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040161
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_boost_medium = 0x7f120168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f040240
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/key = 0x7f040280
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_filter = 0x7f08011c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text_inverse = 0x7f0602b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0404d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f0a003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f040315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f130466
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f060228
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f13011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_black_opacity_60 = 0x7f060067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_color = 0x7f0e0012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemTextAppearanceActiveBoldEnabled = 0x7f04027b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f040273
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_columnSpan = 0x7f040295
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_delete_auto = 0x7f08010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f070258
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_elevation = 0x7f0701dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f040116
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f0602df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f04028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_unpauseOnBluetoothReconnect_title = 0x7f1202f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f130265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f040411
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06028c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_carousel_extra_small_item_size = 0x7f070120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0404e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040267
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f0701ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/searchpreference_more = 0x7f120342
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/keep_content_on_player_reset = 0x7f04027f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/preference_seekbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070350
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/initialExpandedChildrenCount = 0x7f04025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carColorPrimary = 0x7f0400ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f130375
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.DropDown.Material = 0x7f130184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_completed_talkback = 0x7f120095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout = 0x7f04028b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/swipeActionLabel = 0x7f0a037b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_selection_title_audio = 0x7f120136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060098
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f040253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/mediaplayer = 0x7f0f000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/alignBounds = 0x7f0a0054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_success = 0x7f12039d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f07001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f0400a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f06003e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f040133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/withText = 0x7f0a0411
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f120017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f1303c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f04026c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f04013a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f040009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f040250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f0801a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f04024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_notifications = 0x7f080140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/icon_green = 0x7f04024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f120216
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f130483
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f080054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f04026d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f0701ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Balloon_Elastic_Anim = 0x7f130013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f0a0242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0602b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04049c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_every_4_hours = 0x7f120153
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f0702b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MockView = 0x7f14006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/menu = 0x7f04032c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f130049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/percentX = 0x7f04038f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f07026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f060088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f1201e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f04023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f040349
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f1201d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f060324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_arrow = 0x7f0a006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_share_heading = 0x7f1200e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f040290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0403b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f06002f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/controlsContainer = 0x7f0a00e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/transcript = 0x7f0801da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carousel_alignment = 0x7f0400b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e00a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f080099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400c9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_bottom_bar_time_padding = 0x7f0700b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f13019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/widgetLayout = 0x7f04050b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f040233
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_previous = 0x7f0800c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f0600b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f040232
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f0404a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrollDirection = 0x7f0403ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Balloon_Fade_Anim = 0x7f130014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f040230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040048
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f040427
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f04015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f04022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070322
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f130056
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f07017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/exo_edit_mode_background_color = 0x7f06006a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f07020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040325
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/visit_website_item = 0x7f0a0406
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f04018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_icon_padding = 0x7f07009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bottom_navigation_inbox = 0x7f0a0086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f140067
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sync_status_started = 0x7f12039b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f040388
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f1301ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f08017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fragment = 0x7f040224
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f040210
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_hours_this_year = 0x7f1200d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f040008
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeShapeAppearance = 0x7f04005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f040221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f0701f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f1303ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f070304
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f04021f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040277
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f070279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f04040f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0119
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f0404d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f06026b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f1301c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f1201cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f0404a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/accent_dark = 0x7f060019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/font = 0x7f040214
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f040211
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f04035a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/online_search_listitem = 0x7f0d00b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/quick_feed_discovery_item = 0x7f0d00d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f06023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f04020f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$ic_animate_play_pause__0 = 0x7f08000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f13016e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f040235
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0a01cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f04020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1304cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/startVertical = 0x7f0a0358
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/time_bar_min_update_interval = 0x7f0404be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0600af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f04020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f060150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_width = 0x7f0701b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f040095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_volume_boost_light = 0x7f120167
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f040208
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0e0104
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_icon_size = 0x7f07013d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f060193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0d0084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f040044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040086
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f06030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f0702a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/feed_refresh_interval_values = 0x7f03000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/actionRightContainer = 0x7f0a0034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f0700d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_heartbeat_top = 0x7f010015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultValue = 0x7f04017d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f040203
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f060265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f060310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/position_default_label = 0x7f120286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f070165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f0403ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_shake_bottom = 0x7f010017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Base.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Light = 0x7f130296
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/peekHeight = 0x7f0a029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_fast_forward_video_white = 0x7f080117
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0700d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f04031d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hide_during_ads = 0x7f040236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/database_export_label = 0x7f12007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f07018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040124
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f060230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070288
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f070266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f040269
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f060271
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/inward = 0x7f0a01e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f08006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f040298
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f040176
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f040207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f070140
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f06018a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral12 = 0x7f060121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0402cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f040286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_call_answer_low = 0x7f0800f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f07004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f130236
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/hide_not_downloaded_episodes_label = 0x7f120184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f130450
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_nav_drawer_feed_order_sum = 0x7f1202ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/reorder_dialog = 0x7f0d00d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f0702db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_episode_cleanup_title = 0x7f1202a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/imgExpand = 0x7f0a01d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f040357
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f08009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f060226
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/shownotes_label = 0x7f0a0330
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f040180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowSplashScreenAnimatedIcon = 0x7f040516
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f130102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_corner_family = 0x7f0b0029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040291
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/actionLeftContainer = 0x7f0a0033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f040512
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070292
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0e0099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f060221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_animate_pause_play = 0x7f0800ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080014
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f0a0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f0401cf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f070111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_styled_controls_fullscreen_enter = 0x7f0800d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_tap_for_details = 0x7f1200a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f0401c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_shake_left = 0x7f010018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/timeToSpinner = 0x7f0a03ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/singleLineTitle = 0x7f04040d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/multi_select_mark_played_confirmation = 0x7f120227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/width = 0x7f0a0410
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Splash.Translucent = 0x7f130279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010033
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/slide_right_out = 0x7f010042
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f0a023e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f040037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e000b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/splash_screen_view = 0x7f0d00f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f0401bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/bounce = 0x7f0a008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/lStar = 0x7f040284
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/gradient_100 = 0x7f060075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/playerContent = 0x7f0a02b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f0602dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f040155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f12021e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f0401bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/preference_seekbar_value_minWidth = 0x7f070352
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f0401ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/percentY = 0x7f040390
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f04022e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f0401b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/action_icon_color = 0x7f040024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f04025e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_term = 0x7f120023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010036
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f1301f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0600f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/deleted_multi_episode_batch_label = 0x7f110001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_elevated_disabled_z = 0x7f070118
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f040306
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/list = 0x7f0a01fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0b0011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvPlaybackSpeed = 0x7f0a03d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f0401b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0d009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/elevation = 0x7f0401b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_error_unauthorized = 0x7f1200a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0404f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f130488
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f0702d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0c000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f13043a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f04045e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0403eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/successful_import_label = 0x7f12038e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/licenses = 0x7f1201af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceDim = 0x7f04012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f140059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f07021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f040424
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070229
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dropdownPreferenceStyle = 0x7f0401aa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_left = 0x7f010038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0d0091
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CardView = 0x7f14001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f04046b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f0404b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/feed_text_bg = 0x7f06006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/AntennaPod.TextView.ListItemSecondaryTitle = 0x7f130010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f06015b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1302b3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0403db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f0601fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f07030b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040254
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconSize = 0x7f040245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f130135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/disableDependentsState = 0x7f04018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f1304a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_rewind = 0x7f1202dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/direction = 0x7f04018b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selected = 0x7f0a031b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/num_selected_label = 0x7f110010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0801bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f06018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060099
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0702eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/balloon_layout_body = 0x7f0d0023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/waveShape = 0x7f040509
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeText = 0x7f040061
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/checkbox_do_not_show_again = 0x7f0d0027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/removed_inbox_label = 0x7f12032e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0047
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f130482
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error_container = 0x7f06019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_error_message_margin_bottom = 0x7f070097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f040264
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/teaser = 0x7f0801d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f040194
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/default_artwork = 0x7f04017e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/extendSleepTenMinutesButton = 0x7f0a0193
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/ad_marker_color = 0x7f040027
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f1201e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d0071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f130177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultState = 0x7f04017c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f0701ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0d0035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/negativeButtonText = 0x7f040368
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f07011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f0701ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_low = 0x7f0602b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f040257
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f040174
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f040353
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f04017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f0701cd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/enqueue_location_values = 0x7f030005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f040144
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f13001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f0400ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/duration = 0x7f0401ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0403f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f040175
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/audio_controls = 0x7f0d0020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f1301c7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixedVariant = 0x7f04010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f0700d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f040142
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f0700bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f06008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/animationMode = 0x7f04003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040172
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0602a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f1201f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/framePosition = 0x7f040225
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/includeRadio = 0x7f0a01de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f0403c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0404ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010035
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f0401cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f04039e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f040238
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040346
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f040019
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/select_country = 0x7f12034c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/disable_sleeptimer_label = 0x7f12008c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/num_episodes = 0x7f11000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_size_with_background = 0x7f07035a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f12020d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PlayerView = 0x7f14007a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f07022c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral6 = 0x7f0600c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1303d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f040242
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/curveFit = 0x7f04016a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/carColorGreen = 0x7f060034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f040164
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f060157
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1303b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/remove_all_inbox_label = 0x7f120326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f040163
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogMessage = 0x7f040186
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/size = 0x7f120363
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/recyclerViewFeeds = 0x7f0a02d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f040451
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/screenContainer = 0x7f0a02f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_today = 0x7f120382
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f040482
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f060177
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f040108
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f04009e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e001f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/discover_powered_by_itunes = 0x7f120092
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f040303
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f04015e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f040467
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0a03a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060250
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvValue = 0x7f0a03e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f04019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/nav_drawer_feed_counter_options = 0x7f030018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f0400a9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f04015c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/labelSkipEnd = 0x7f0a01f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f070263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f060166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0600ed
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f06025f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0402d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f14005e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/selectDeviceButton = 0x7f0a0315
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f060051
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_enqueue_location_sum = 0x7f12029e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/individual_subscription = 0x7f1201a1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f04014f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/chapter_duration = 0x7f120055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f0400a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/fill = 0x7f0a019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f060245
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f0401a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/nav_feeds_filtered_message_text = 0x7f0a0252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0d007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/errorIcon = 0x7f0a014e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f040149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_controls_background = 0x7f0a0168
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f0400b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f040287
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PreferenceImageView = 0x7f140081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/LegacyPlayerControlView = 0x7f14004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_play_pause = 0x7f0a017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040141
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f1201f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04034c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f060234
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_buffering = 0x7f0a0162
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f0401be
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/v7_preference_off = 0x7f1203c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f040192
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_track_selection_none = 0x7f120135
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f04033d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f040045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0801b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/drawer_corner_size = 0x7f070095
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawPath = 0x7f04019a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/feed_title_chip = 0x7f0a0199
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/columnCount = 0x7f040137
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f13021b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_allow_stream_always = 0x7f0a029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f04043e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/coverHolder = 0x7f0a00ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchPreferenceCompatStyle = 0x7f040447
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/CardView = 0x7f130133
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f04032a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_pauseOnHeadsetDisconnect_title = 0x7f1202d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_fade_in = 0x7f01000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow = 0x7f0d00b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f040127
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f1303c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f13036b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_custom_playback_speed = 0x7f12010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSecondaryFixed = 0x7f040125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060096
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04005f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryFixed = 0x7f04011e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f04039c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f04011d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070239
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f01003c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0702f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f040479
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f04017f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/header_title = 0x7f0a01c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/show_subtitle_button = 0x7f040400
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_automatic_download_on_battery_sum = 0x7f12028e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/audioplayer_playercontrols_margin = 0x7f070055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f14002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0602a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f04023f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_color = 0x7f0e010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040335
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e010e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/share_item = 0x7f0a0326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f14007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040151
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f1400ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0801a0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f0400b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/resetFiltermenu = 0x7f0a02df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/home_new_empty_text = 0x7f12018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f130023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f04039b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/dimensions = 0x7f0a0111
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0801b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f130474
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/exo_controls_overflow_show_description = 0x7f120112
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f06026f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/crossfade = 0x7f040166
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f04010d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f13010f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f0401d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixed = 0x7f04010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f13048c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/background_elevated_darktheme = 0x7f060020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/switchWidget = 0x7f0a037f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/none = 0x7f0a0265
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1303b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f040105
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f040432
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600e3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f060223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/openDescription = 0x7f0a0278
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f070063
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/background_elevated = 0x7f04005a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f07023c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f040433
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f0401b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_feed_refresh_dialog_message_vpn = 0x7f12006d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_message = 0x7f0a0072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buffered_color = 0x7f04009b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawablePadding = 0x7f04006f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/termsRecycler = 0x7f0a0390
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_widget_preview = 0x7f080173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f040083
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f07033b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/playback_error_generic = 0x7f12027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f130113
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_arrow_down = 0x7f0800f4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400d6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f0702ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/launcher_animate_wave2 = 0x7f08017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f04029f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f0401ae
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/addViaUrlButton = 0x7f0a004f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f0400a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f040457
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400ea
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f04014a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_history = 0x7f08011f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_minimal_fullscreen = 0x7f0a0173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableStart = 0x7f040071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f040275
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_small_icon_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0700ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f040097
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f040078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/root = 0x7f0a02e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040501
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f040445
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/grey600 = 0x7f060077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f13048e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f0a0302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f07027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f140034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f140024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_container_width = 0x7f070170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f1303e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f0401a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/simplechapter_item = 0x7f0d00eb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f140004
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f070244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/cover_fragment = 0x7f0a00ee
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f060301
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f1304a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f0602d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f1303a2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_episodes_space = 0x7f120372
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f040029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f040484
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/drawer_feed_counter_downloaded = 0x7f1200bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f0404e5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f04042b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04038a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f1201df
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1302d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400d0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/radio_button = 0x7f0a02cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f040256
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f13002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/gpodnetauth_login_butLabel = 0x7f12017a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f120018
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error = 0x7f06019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral24 = 0x7f060125
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/set_sleeptimer_label = 0x7f12034d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_black_theme_message = 0x7f120294
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010029
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mark_unread_item = 0x7f0a0207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1301e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f060188
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f0403bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/filter_rows = 0x7f0a01a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/slide_right_in = 0x7f010041
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/download_notification_title_episodes = 0x7f1200b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f080078
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f060207
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f07003b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/rating_contribute_button = 0x7f12030c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f140062
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d0088
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0700f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_color = 0x7f0e0150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_fyyd_label = 0x7f120335
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1303af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableHeight = 0x7f04006e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:plurals/added_to_queue_batch_label = 0x7f110000
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0d007e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f130169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f1201c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f130405
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0a01d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/allowDividerAfterLastItem = 0x7f040031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_badge_size = 0x7f070132
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f060262
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AntennaPod.Dynamic.Dark.Translucent = 0x7f13026e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carColorSecondaryDark = 0x7f0400af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f04029b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f0a004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/splashscreen_icon_size_no_background = 0x7f070359
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/chapters_label = 0x7f0a00c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f140049
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f0a01b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f04001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/textEnd = 0x7f0a0394
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f0400a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0a0213
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f140093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f06027c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/exo_styled_bottom_bar_margin_top = 0x7f0700af
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f0801d8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f080189
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f0400a6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Small = 0x7f1303ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d0087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoAdjustToWithinGrandparentBounds = 0x7f040043
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130346
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f0400a5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f130310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040341
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f130490
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f040165
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f040219
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f04009f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/centerInside = 0x7f0a00b7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f04028d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f04035d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f0402b0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f040054
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/toolbar_back_button_content_description = 0x7f1203b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f13009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040087
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f040094
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0701fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/scrollable = 0x7f0a02f6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_width = 0x7f0701ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alpha = 0x7f040034
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f070342
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_settings_label = 0x7f12015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f0a0025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060255
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dialogLayout = 0x7f040185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f040038
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0a0114
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f04008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_width = 0x7f070185
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/contrast = 0x7f040150
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0701ff
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/ic_videocam = 0x7f08016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f070321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f04035e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/action_download_logs = 0x7f0a0040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceBright = 0x7f040129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040084
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f130302
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400dc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f04007d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f04007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f0401a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f06010b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/button_bg_selector = 0x7f06002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f0702d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f140044
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/balloon_content = 0x7f0a0071
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/feedNewEpisodesActionValues = 0x7f03000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f040468
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/customPanel = 0x7f0a00f7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1301c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f040450
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f07008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040332
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/bar_gravity = 0x7f040076
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f0a025a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f130223
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f07006c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f0401cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/queue_lock_warning = 0x7f120307
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f060227
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e007c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f070272
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010024
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f040389
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text = 0x7f0602b1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e005d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f040452
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_fade_out = 0x7f010010
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableSquareSize = 0x7f040070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f070268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402e4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_feed_skip_intro = 0x7f1202b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f0402b9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f1301e0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0402f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f070260
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f0701b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f06029c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f060089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f060243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_hardware_previous_button_summary = 0x7f1202bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0d0031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0b001b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f1304d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f0601ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f0401bd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040058
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f040107
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f04031f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0b0045
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dropDownBackgroundTint = 0x7f0401a7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04034f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_auto_delete_sum = 0x7f120289
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f040218
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f040040
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_notification_next = 0x7f0800ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f130215
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/balloon_drawableTintColor = 0x7f040072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f0701f8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f0602a3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f06016d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0093
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f010032
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070075
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f0403b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f0401ac
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0102
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/clear_queue = 0x7f0a00d1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f080072
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/notification_channel_new_episode = 0x7f120253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060080
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvCount = 0x7f0a03ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f130309
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/brightness = 0x7f04009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f040397
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/episode_cleanup_values = 0x7f030009
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_dialog_media_address = 0x7f120352
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0700fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060065
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shuffle_suggestions = 0x7f120360
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f1303fa
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e0147
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130077
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pending_intent_download_service_retry = 0x7f0a02a4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f04003f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_rew_with_amount = 0x7f0a0182
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402ec
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/share_file_label = 0x7f120354
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/$launcher_animate__0 = 0x7f08000c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/etxtSkipIntro = 0x7f0a0158
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/scrubber_dragged_size = 0x7f0403d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0701a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0003
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1302d4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f070187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f04020b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/butFastForward = 0x7f0a009a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f0404c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060136
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f04034a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/search_label = 0x7f120337
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f0a0243
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/loginProgressContainer = 0x7f0a0201
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/exo_legacy_controls_fullscreen_exit = 0x7f0800c1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1302cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f07031c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f04002c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/bg_pill = 0x7f08008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/enabled = 0x7f0401b8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f130467
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f04002b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f070286
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/include_terms = 0x7f12019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/notification_template_media = 0x7f0d00b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130290
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070230
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0404f3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/transition_image_transform = 0x7f0a03c0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/scrollbar_thumb_light = 0x7f0801ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/txtvDuration = 0x7f0a03cc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pie_chart = 0x7f0a02ab
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f0701e7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070183
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f010020
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/OutlinedButtonBetterContrast = 0x7f13016b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010031
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f060279
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f14000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/auto_enable_label_with_times = 0x7f120037
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/fade_in = 0x7f01002d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060252
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00de
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/episodesTotal = 0x7f0a014b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070159
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00c2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f040100
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/ckPlaybackSpeed = 0x7f0a00ca
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400d2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f0402bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f070310
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f04000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_type = 0x7f0e0085
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0a03f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/deviceName = 0x7f0a010c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/balloon_elastic_center = 0x7f01000d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/sleep_timer_always = 0x7f120365
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060050
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00ef
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLowest = 0x7f04012e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/pref_stream_over_download_title = 0x7f1202e8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f070253
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f04015f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/full_notification_buttons_options = 0x7f03000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/sin = 0x7f0a0332
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f04030e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_plain_tooltip_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00c6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/subscription_num_columns_3 = 0x7f0a036e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0402fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f140030
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/feed_new_episodes_action_nothing = 0x7f12015a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1304da
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f0a00fe
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f04010a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070180
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/user_interface_sum = 0x7f1203c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070155
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/searchpreference_fragment = 0x7f0d00db
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f04025d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f040202
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f040244
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f06024f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f040387
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/home_section_tags = 0x7f030012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/onlinefeedview_activity = 0x7f0d00ba
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/badgeWidth = 0x7f040066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080074
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/import_ok = 0x7f12019c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060066
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/add_tag = 0x7f120022
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/exo_sub_text = 0x7f0a0187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f04013b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600b5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0a01cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f0602bb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0a03fc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f130429
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/smart_mark_as_played_values = 0x7f03001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040023
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/pooling_container_listener_holder_tag = 0x7f0a02b6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402e9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070363
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f04019d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f1303ce
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040130
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/echo_share = 0x7f1200e6
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f06022f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/divider = 0x7f04018e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f04004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Preference.Material = 0x7f130187
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020021
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f130455
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHighest = 0x7f04012c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0403f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f07020e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error_container = 0x7f0601bc
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f0702ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:array/exo_controls_playback_speeds = 0x7f03000a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f120205
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f04020a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f040425
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f040081
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/swipeactions_picker = 0x7f0d00fd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0404f1
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f0702b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/statistics_expected_next_episode_unknown = 0x7f120376
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f040513
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f060263
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/cursorErrorColor = 0x7f040169
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/material_personalized_color_outline = 0x7f0602a8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/confirm_mobile_streaming_notification_message = 0x7f120070
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010026
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f060326
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f060129
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130454
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f0602e2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f04019f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f070324
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f040458
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08008d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010028
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f06012f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f040120
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f13046e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f04051c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/confirm_button = 0x7f0a00dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07018d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1301bf
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f0403d7
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401f2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601b2
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f06004a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f07024b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/release_schedule_weekdays = 0x7f120321
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/open_podcast = 0x7f120266
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_type = 0x7f0e001e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f060197
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/time_left_label = 0x7f1203b4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_icon_size = 0x7f070184
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040331
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/carColorPrimaryDark = 0x7f0400ad
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00f5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/shortcut_subscription_label = 0x7f12035a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/refresh_item = 0x7f0a02d5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/hide_on_touch = 0x7f040237
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600d3
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f1201c4
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f07007b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/favorites_export_label = 0x7f120149
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/summaryOn = 0x7f040443
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f13003d
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060055
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/echo = 0x7f08009c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f040106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f070339
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/windowSplashScreenAnimationDuration = 0x7f040517
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f0601f9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:menu/multi_select_options = 0x7f0f000e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f0702c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070221
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f040170
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302d9
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0115
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040121
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00fb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_icon_size = 0x7f070173
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f130350
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/open_in_browser_item = 0x7f0a027a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f1301cb
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040345
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060106
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0089
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/splashscreen_icon_view = 0x7f0a034b
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0404c5
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:layout/feeditemlist_header = 0x7f0d0059
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/auto_show = 0x7f04004c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:string/not_set = 0x7f12024e
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400f0
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/hideable = 0x7f0a01c8
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:id/showHome = 0x7f0a032c
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f04044f
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/activeIndicatorLabelPadding = 0x7f040025
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/TextPill = 0x7f130268
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f080039
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f13042a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/selectable = 0x7f0403dd
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f130495
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f07008a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0e003a
de.danoeh.antennapod.debug:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f0403ec
